ercise price of $3.00 per share. We intend to use the net proceeds from the sale of our securities for working capital, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes, including the financing of content acquisition and development. 
 
 DESCR IPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 
 
 The following summary description of our capital stock is not intended to be complete and is subject, and qualified in its entirety by reference, to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our bylaws. 
 
 General 
 
 We have authorized capital stock consisting of 275,000,000 shares of common stock, all of which is designated as Class A common stock, and 15,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share, par value $0.001 per share, of which (i) twenty (20) shares are authorized as Series A 10% Non-Voting Cumulative Preferred Stock (the “Series A Preferred Stock”) and (ii) one (1) share is authorized as Series B Preferred Stock (the “Series B Preferred Stock”). 

 S- 4 

 Common Stock 
 
 As of November 7, 2024, (i) we had 15,873,119 shares of Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding, (ii) we had reserved for issuance an aggregate of 2,672,559 shares of common stock pursuant to the 2017 Plan upon exercise of inducement awards, pursuant to options that remain outstanding under our 2000 Second Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan, and pursuant to the common warrants, and (iii) we had 473,049 shares of Class A Common Stock held in the treasury of the Company. 
 
 Our common stock is traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol “CNVS”. 
 
 Voting Rights. Holders of common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. 
 
 Dividends; Liquidation; Preemptive Rights. Holders of common stock are entitled to receive dividends only if, as and when declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available for that purpose. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, holders of common stock are entitled, subject to any priorities due to any holders of our preferred stock, ratably to share in all assets remaining after payment of our liabilities. Holders of common stock have no preemptive rights nor any other rights to subscribe for shares or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of common stock. 
 
 Transfer Agent. The transfer agent for our common stock is Equiniti Trust Company, LLC. Its address is 48 Wall Street, Floor 23, New York, NY 10005, and its telephone number is (800) 937-5449. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Our Board of Directors is authorized, subject to any limitations prescribed by law, without further stockholder approval, to issue from time to time up to an aggregate of 15,000,000 shares of our preferred stock, in one or more series. As of November 7, 2024, we had 7.12 shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. The Series A Preferred Stock may be redeemed by the Company at any time after the second anniversary of the date such shares were issued in cash or, at the Company’s option if certain conditions are met, in shares of Class A common stock. The holders of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive cumulative dividends from the date of issuance at an annual rate of 10% of the original issue price. Such dividends shall be payable in arrears in cash or, at the Company’s option, in shares of Class A common stock if certain conditions are met, quarterly on the last day of each calendar quarter, until such shares of Preferred Stock are redeemed. As of November 7, 2024, there were no shares of Series B Preferred Stock outstanding or available for issuance. 
 
 Each other series of preferred stock to be issued, if any, will have such number of shares, designations, preferences, powers and qualifications and special or relative rights or privileges as will be determined by our board of directors, which may include, among others, dividend rights, voting rights, redemption and sinking fund provisions, liquidation preferences, conversion rights and preemptive rights. The rights of the holders of our common stock will be subject to the rights of holders of any preferred stock outstanding and issued in the future. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing desirable flexibility in connection with the possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or of discouraging a third party from acquiring, a majority of our outstanding voting stock. 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF SEC URITIES WE ARE OFFERING 
 
 We are registering the shares of our common stock issuable from time to time upon exercise of the common warrants. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 The material terms and provisions of our common stock and each other class of our securities which qualifies or limits our common stock are described under the caption “Description of Our Capital Stock” in this prospectus supplement. 

 S- 5 

 PLA N OF DISTRIBUTION 
 Pursuant to a placement agency agreement in June 2023, we previously engaged A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners (“A.G.P.”) to act as our lead placement agent and Titan Partners Group, LLC (“Titan,” and together with A.G.P., the “placement agents”) as our co-placement agent with respect to the registered offering through which the common warrants were sold (the “June 2023 Offering”). The Benchmark Company, LLC acted as financial advisor for the offering. The June 2023 Offering was consummated on June 16, 2023, at which time the placement agents received commissions and a transaction fee, as well as reimbursement of expenses, in connection with that offering. The registration statement for the June 2023 Offering has since expired, and the sale and offering of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the common warrants is being registered hereunder to replace the expired registration. Accordingly, the placement agents will not participate in any way in the sale of the shares of common