424B5
 1
 crbg-prelim424b5xprelimpro.htm
 424B5

 Document 

 Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) 
 Registration No. 333-275890 

 The information contained in this preliminary prospectus supplement is not complete and may be changed. This preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus are not an offer to sell nor do they seek an offer to buy the securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. 
 Subject to Completion 
 Preliminary Prospectus Supplement, dated November 13, 2025 
 PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
 (To Prospectus dated December 5, 2023) 
 Shares 
 Corebridge Financial, Inc. 
 
 % Fixed Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A 

 Corebridge Financial, Inc. is offering shares of its % Fixed Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A, $1,000 liquidation preference per share (the “ Series A Preferred Stock ”). 
 We will pay dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock only when, as and if declared by our board of directors (or a duly authorized committee thereof), out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends. Any such dividends will be payable from the date of original issue, semi-annually in arrears on the 1 st day of June and December of each year, commencing on June 1, 2026. Dividends will accrue on a non-cumulative basis (i) from the date of original issue to, but excluding, December 1, 2030 at a fixed rate per annum of %, and (ii) from, and including, December 1, 2030 during each reset period (as defined herein) at a rate per annum equal to the five-year treasury rate (as defined herein) as of the most recent reset dividend determination date (as defined herein) plus %. Payment of dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock is subject to certain legal, regulatory and other restrictions as described elsewhere in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, or in the documents incorporated by reference herein. 
 Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock will not be cumulative and will not be mandatory. Accordingly, if dividends are not declared on the Series A Preferred Stock for any dividend period, then any accrued dividends for that dividend period shall cease to accrue and be payable. If our board of directors (or a duly authorized committee thereof) has not declared a dividend before the dividend payment date for any dividend period, we will have no obligation to pay dividends accrued for such dividend period on or after the dividend payment date for that dividend period, whether or not dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are declared for any future dividend period. 
 We may, at our option, redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, (a) in whole, but not in part, at any time within 90 days after the occurrence of a “ rating agency event ” (as defined in “Description of the Series A Preferred Stock—Optional Redemption”), at a redemption price equal to $1,020 per share of Series A Preferred Stock, plus an amount equal to any dividends per share that have accrued but not been declared and paid for the then-current dividend period to, but excluding, such redemption date and (b)(i) in whole, but not in part, at any time within 90 days after the occurrence of a “ regulatory capital event ” (as defined in “Description of the Series A Preferred Stock—Optional Redemption”), or (ii) in whole or in part, on any dividend payment date on or after the First Reset Date, in each case, at a redemption price equal to $1,000 per share of Series A Preferred Stock, plus an amount equal to any dividends per share that have accrued but not been declared and paid for the then-current dividend period to, but excluding, such redemption date. See “Description of the Series A Preferred Stock — Optional Redemption.” Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will not have the right to require the redemption or repurchase of the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 The Series A Preferred Stock will not have voting rights, except as set forth under “Description of the Series A Preferred Stock — Voting Rights” on page S-20 . The Series A Preferred Stock is a new issue of securities with no established trading market. We do not intend to list the shares of Series A Preferred Stock on any securities exchange or arrange for their quotation on any automated dealer quotation system. 

 Investing in the Series A Preferred Stock involves risks. See the section entitled “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page S-7 and the other information included in or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus for a discussion of factors you should carefully consider before deciding to invest in the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 Neither the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “ SEC ”) nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 

 Per Share of Series A 
Preferred Stock Total 
 
 Price to public (1) 
 $ $ 
 Underwriting discount 
 $ $ 
 Proceeds, before expenses, to Corebridge Financial, Inc. 
 $ $ 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) The price to the public does not include accrued dividends, if any, that may be declared. Dividends, if declared, will accrue from the date of original issuance, which is expected to be on or about , 2025. 
 The underwriters expect to deliver the Series A Preferred Stock, in book-entry form only, through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company (“ DTC ”) for the accounts of its participants, including Clearstream Banking, SA (“ Clearstream ”) and/or Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“ Euroclear ”), on or about , 2025. 

 Joint Book-Running Managers 
 
 Wells Fargo Securities BofA Securities Citigroup J.P. Morgan Morgan Stanley 
 
 The 