424B5
 1
 tm228951-1_424b5.htm
 424B5

 tm228951-1_424b5 - none - 12.1875718s 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 The information contained in this preliminary prospectus supplement is not complete and may be changed. This preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus are not an offer to sell the securities and are not soliciting an offer to buy the securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. 

 Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) ​

 Registration No. 333-253712 ​

 SUBJECT TO COMPLETION DATED MaY 31, 2022 

 PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
 (To Prospectus dated March 1, 2021) 

 ​

 Depositary Shares
Each Representing a 1/40th Interest in a Share of
 % Fixed Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A 

 ​

 We are offering of our depositary shares, or the depositary shares, each representing a 1/40th ownership interest in a share of our % fixed rate reset non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, Series A, par value $0.01 per share, or the Series A Preferred Stock, with a liquidation preference of $1,000 per share of Series A Preferred Stock (equivalent to $25.00 per depositary share). As a holder of the depositary shares, you will be entitled to all proportional rights and preferences of the Series A Preferred Stock (including dividend, voting, redemption and liquidation rights). You must exercise any such rights through the depositary. 

 Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive, only when, as and if declared by our board of directors, or a duly authorized committee thereof, and to the extent we have funds legally available for the payment of dividends, cash dividends at a rate equal to (i) % per annum from, and including, the date of issuance to, but excluding, (the “first reset date”) or the date of earlier redemption and (ii) from, and including, the first reset date, during each reset period, a rate per annum equal to the five-year treasury rate as of the most recent reset dividend determination date plus % (as described below under “ The Offering — Fixed Rate Reset Dividends ”). When, as and if declared by our board of directors, or a duly authorized committee thereof, dividends will be payable on the stated amount from the date of issuance, quarterly in arrears, on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on September 1, 2022, except in each case where such day is not a business day (each a “dividend payment date”). Upon payment of any dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock, the depositary will distribute to holders of depositary shares a proportionate payment. 

 Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock will not be cumulative. If for any reason our board of directors, or a duly authorized committee thereof, does not declare a dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock for any dividend period, such dividend will not accrue or be payable, and we will have no obligation to pay dividends for such dividend period, whether or not dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are declared for any future dividend period. Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock will not be declared, paid or set aside for payment to the extent such act would cause us to fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including applicable capital adequacy rules and regulations. 

 We may redeem the Series A Preferred Stock at our option, subject to prior regulatory approval, (i) in whole or in part, from time to time, on any dividend payment date on or after or (ii) in whole but not in part at any time within 90 days following a regulatory capital treatment event (as defined herein), in each case at a redemption price equal to $1,000 per share, plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without regard to any undeclared dividends, to but excluding the redemption date. If we redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, the depositary will redeem a proportionate number of depositary shares. 

 We have applied to list the depositary shares on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, or Nasdaq, under the symbol “PACWP”. Trading of the depositary shares is expected to commence within the 30-day period following the original issue date of the depositary shares. The Series A Preferred Stock will not have any 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 voting rights, except as set forth under “ Description of the Series A Preferred Stock — Voting Rights ” beginning on page S-22 . 

 The underwriters have the option to purchase up to an additional depositary shares from us at the public offering price, less the underwriting discount, within 30 days from the date of this prospectus supplement. 

 Certain of our directors and officers have expressed an interest in purchasing of the depositary shares on the same terms as other investors. Because this indication of interest is not a binding agreement or commitment to purchase, the directors and officers may elect not to purchase shares in this offering or the underwriters may elect not to sell any shares in this offering to the directors and officers. 

 Investing in the depositary shares and the underlying Series A Preferred Stock involves risk. You should refer to “Risk Factors” beginning on page S-14 of this prospectus supplement, on page 5 of the accompanying prospectus and the risk factors beginning on page 29 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, or our Annual Report, which are incorporated by reference herein, and carefully consider that information before investing in the depositary shares and the underlying Series A Preferred Stock. 

 Neither the depositary shares nor the Series A Preferred Stock are a savings account, deposit or other obligation of a bank, and neither are insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or the FDIC, or any other governmental agency or instrumentality. 

 Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission