ent Funds”);
non-traded unregistered real estate investment trusts (the “Private REITs”); and unregistered funds that invest principally
in real estate. In certain circumstances or market environments we may reduce our investment in private real estate securities and hold
a larger position in cash or cash equivalents.

 Bluerock
Fund Advisor, LLC (the “Advisor”), our investment adviser, manages our investments subject to the supervision of our
board of trustees (the “Board of Trustees”). ALPS Fund Services, Inc. (the “Administrator”), serves as our administrator
and accounting agent.

 We
are offering up to 25 million preferred shares of beneficial interest in multiple series, including the 7.00% Series A Convertible
and Perpetual Preferred Shares (the “Series A Preferred Shares”) and the 7.00% Series B Preferred Shares (the
“Series B Preferred Shares” and, together with the Series A Preferred Shares, the “Offered Preferred
Shares”), with an aggregate liquidation preference of $250 million. This prospectus supplement and the related
prospectus also cover the common shares of beneficial interest (the “common shares”) into which the Offered Preferred
Shares may be converted. We may sell any combination of Series A Preferred Shares and Series B Preferred Shares not to exceed an
aggregate amount of 25 million Offered Preferred Shares.

 We intend to pay monthly
dividends on the Offered Preferred Shares at an annual rate of 7.00% of the Liquidation Preference, or $0.70 per share per year. The Offered
Preferred Shares have no maturity date and will remain outstanding indefinitely unless converted by the holder or by us. The Offered Preferred
Shares will rank senior in right of payment to our common shares, will rank equally in right of payment with any other preferred shares
of beneficial interest (the Offered Preferred Shares and any additional preferred shares we may issue from time to time, the “Preferred
Shares”) we may issue in the future and will be subordinated in right of payment to any of our future senior indebtedness. Each
holder of the Offered Preferred Shares will be entitled to one vote for each Offered Preferred Share held on each matter submitted to
a vote of our shareholders, and the holders of all of our outstanding Preferred Shares and common shares will generally vote together
as a single class. The holders of Offered Preferred Shares (together with the holders of any additional series of Preferred Shares we
may issue in the future) are entitled as a class to elect two of our trustees and, if dividends on any outstanding Preferred Shares are
in arrears by two years or more, to elect a majority of our trustees (and to continue to be so represented until all dividends in arrears
have been paid or otherwise provided for).

 Holder
Optional Conversion . So long as the Offered Preferred Shares have not been listed on a national securities exchange
(which is not currently anticipated), the Offered Preferred Shares will initially be convertible on a semi-monthly basis, at the
option of the holder of the Offered Preferred Shares (a “Holder Optional Conversion”). At any time, a holder may elect
to convert the Offered Preferred Shares by delivery to us of a notice of conversion (a “Holder Notice of Conversion”). A
Holder Notice of Conversion will be effective as of the 15th calendar day (or, if the 15th calendar day is not a business day, then
on the business day immediately following the 15th calendar day) and last business day of each calendar month (the “Holder
Conversion Deadline”). We will settle any Holder Optional Conversion by paying or delivering, as the case may be, (A) any
portion of the Settlement Amount (as defined below) that we elect to pay in cash and (B) a number of our common shares
calculated using a conversion rate (the “HOC Rate”) equal to (1) the Settlement Amount minus any portion of the
Settlement Amount that we elect to pay in cash, divided by (2) the closing price on the New York Stock Exchange of our common
shares on the Holder Conversion Exercise Date (as defined herein) (the “HOC Conversion Price”). For the Series A
Preferred Shares the “Settlement Amount” means (A) $10.00 per share (the “Liquidation Preference”),
plus (B) unpaid dividends accrued to, but not including, the Holder Conversion Exercise Date, minus (C) the Holder
Optional Conversion Fee (as defined herein) applicable on the respective Holder Conversion Deadline. For the Series B Preferred
Shares, the “Settlement Amount” means (A) the Liquidation Preference, plus (B) unpaid dividends accrued to, but not
including, the Holder Conversion Exercise Date, but if a holder of Series B Preferred Shares exercises a Holder Optional Conversion
within the first twelve months following the issuance of such Series B Preferred Shares, the Settlement Amount payable to such
holder will be reduced by the aggregate amount of all dividends, whether paid or accrued, on such Series B Preferred Shares in the
three full months prior to the Holder Conversion Exercise Date (the “Series B Clawback”). The right of holders to
convert a given Offered Preferred Share will terminate in the event such shares are subsequently listed on a national securities
exchange.

 Issuer
Optional Conversion . Subject to certain limitations, beginning two years from the date of issuance of a given Offered Preferred
Share (or, if the Offered Preferred Shares have been listed on a national securities exchange, two years from the first date on which
any Offered Preferred Shares were issued), such Offered Preferred Share will be convertible at our option, upon not less than 30 calendar
days’ written notice to the holder, prior to the date fixed for conversion thereof (an “Issuer Optional Conversion”).
We will settle any Issuer Optional Conversion by paying or delivering, as the case may be, (A) any portion of the IOC Payment (as
defined below) that we elect to pay in cash and (B) a number of our common shares calculated using a conversion rat