424B5
 1
 d34260d424b5.htm
 424B5

 424B5 

 Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5)
 Registration No. 333-291573 

 PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 

 TO THE PROSPECTUS DATED NOVEMBER 17, 2025 

 4,800,000 Depositary Shares 

 Each Representing a 1/40th Interest in a Share of 8.875% Fixed Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual
Preferred Stock, Series B 

 We are offering depositary shares, each representing a 1/40th ownership interest in a share of our 8.875% Fixed Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B, par value $0.01 per share (the “Series B Preferred Stock”), with a liquidation preference of $25 per depositary share (equivalent to $1,000 per share
of Series B Preferred Stock). As a holder of depositary shares, you will be entitled to all proportional rights and preferences of the Series B Preferred Stock represented thereby (including dividend, voting, redemption and liquidation rights). You
must exercise any such rights through the depositary. 
 We will pay dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock, when, as, and if declared by
our Board of Directors (or a duly authorized committee thereof), to the extent that we have lawfully available funds to pay dividends, quarterly in arrears on March 15, June 15, September 15, and December 15 of each year,
beginning on September 15, 2026. 
 When, as, and if declared by our Board of Directors (or a duly authorized committee thereof), (i)
dividends payable from the date of issuance to but excluding December 15, 2031 (the “First Reset Date”) will be payable based on the liquidation preference of the Series B Preferred Stock at a rate of 8.875% per annum, and
(ii) dividends payable from and including the First Reset Date and each subsequent reset date (as defined below), as applicable, during each reset period, will be payable based on the liquidation preference of the Series B Preferred Stock at a
rate per annum equal to the Five-Year U.S. Treasury Rate as of the most recent reset dividend determination date (as described elsewhere in this prospectus supplement) plus 4.804 percentage points. Upon payment of any dividends on the Series B
Preferred Stock, holders of depositary shares are expected to receive a proportionate payment. 
 Dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock
will not be cumulative. If for any reason our Board of Directors (or a duly authorized committee thereof) does not declare a dividend on the Series B Preferred Stock for any dividend period, that dividend will not accrue or be payable and we will
have no obligation to pay dividends for that dividend period, whether or not dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock are declared for any future dividend period. Dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock will not be declared, paid or set aside for
payment to the extent such act would cause us to fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations. If Bread Financial ever becomes subject to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the “Federal Reserve”)
or otherwise becomes subject to regulatory capital requirements under federal banking laws (a “Regulated Institution”), the limitation in the prior sentence will include the capital adequacy regulations and guidelines established by the
applicable federal banking agency. 
 We may redeem the Series B Preferred Stock at our option, subject to any regulatory approval
requirements as are in effect at such time, (1) in whole or in part, from time to time, on the First Reset Date or any dividend payment date thereafter, at a redemption price equal to $1,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per depositary share),
plus any declared and unpaid dividends, or (2) in whole but not in part, at any time within 90 days following a regulatory capital treatment event (as defined herein), at a redemption price equal to $1,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per
depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. If Bread Financial ever becomes a Regulated Institution, any redemption of the Series B Preferred Stock will be subject to our receipt of any prior approval required by the applicable
federal banking agency and to the satisfaction of any conditions set forth in applicable regulations and guidelines of such federal banking agency applicable to the redemption of the Series B Preferred Stock, including capital regulations and
guidelines. See “Description of the Series B Preferred Stock—Redemption—Optional Redemption” beginning on page S-23 for additional information. If we redeem the Series B Preferred
Stock, the depositary is expected to redeem a proportionate number of depositary shares. 
 We will apply to list the depositary shares on the
New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”) under the symbol “BFH PrB.” Trading of the depositary shares is expected to commence within the 30-day period following the original issue date of
the depositary shares. Our common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol “BFH.” 
 The Series B Preferred Stock will not
have any voting rights, except the limited ones set forth under “Description of the Series B Preferred Stock—Voting Rights” beginning on page S-25. 

 Investing in the depositary shares involves risks. See “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page S-11. 
 Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) nor any other
regulatory body has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 

 Neither the depositary shares nor the Series B Preferred Stock are a savings account, deposit or other obligation of a bank and nei