that may be important to you. As an investor or prospective investor, you should carefully review the entire prospectus, including
the section of this prospectus entitled “Risk Factors” and the more detailed information that appears later in this prospectus before making an investment in our securities. 

 Imperial Petroleum Inc. was incorporated under the laws of the Republic of the Marshall Islands on May 14, 2021, by StealthGas Inc.
(“StealthGas”) to serve as the holding company of four subsidiaries, each owning one of the tanker vessels in our initial fleet, that it subsequently contributed to us in connection
 with the Spin-Off (as defined below). On December 3, 2021, StealthGas distributed all of our outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (“common stock”),
and 8.75% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, liquidation preference $25.00 per share (“Series A Preferred Stock”), to its stockholders, which completed our separation from StealthGas (the “Spin-Off”). 
 Unless otherwise indicated, references to
“Imperial Petroleum,” the “Company,” “we,” “our,” “us” or similar terms refer to the registrant, Imperial Petroleum Inc., and its subsidiaries, except where the context otherwise requires.
We use the term deadweight tons (“dwt”), expressed in metric tons, each of which is equivalent to 1,000 kilograms, in describing the size of our vessels. Unless otherwise indicated, all references to “U.S. dollars,”
“dollars,” “U.S. $” and “$” in this prospectus are to the lawful currency of the United States of America. All share amounts
 reflect the 1-for-15 reverse split of our common stock effected by the Company on April 28, 2023. 

 Overview 
 Imperial Petroleum Inc. is a
ship-owning company providing petroleum products, crude oil and drybulk seaborne transportation services. As of November 1, 2025, the Company owned a total of nineteen vessels on the water—seven M.R. product tankers, two suezmax tankers,
three handysize drybulk carriers, five supramax drybulk carriers and two kamsarmax drybulk vessels—with a total capacity of 1,195,000 deadweight tons (dwt). We have contracted to acquire three Japanese-built drybulk carriers, with a total
capacity of approximately 164,400 dwt and an average age of approximately 12.5 years, which are expected to be delivered to us between the first quarter of 2026 and August 2026. Following these deliveries, the Company’s fleet will count a
total of 22 vessels with an aggregate capacity of 1.4 million dwt, assuming no other vessel acquisitions or dispositions. 
 We are
managed by Stealth Maritime, a privately owned company controlled by the Vafias Group, which has been active in shipping for over 50 years and is controlled by the Vafias family, of which Harry Vafias, our Chief Executive Officer, is a member. 

 Corporate Structure 
 Imperial Petroleum
Inc. is a holding company existing under the laws of the Marshall Islands, and is the sole owner of the outstanding stock of our subsidiaries, each of which owns one of the vessels in our current fleet. Our principal executive offices are located at
331 Kifissias Avenue, Erithrea 14561 Athens, Greece. Our telephone number from the United States is 011 30 210 625 0001. Our website address is www.imperialpetro.com. The information on or linked to our website is not a part of this
prospectus. 
 Other Information 

 Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Republic of the Marshall Islands, you may encounter difficulty protecting your interests as
stockholders, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal 

 S-1 

 Table of Contents 

court system may be limited. Please refer to the sections entitled “Risk Factors” and “Service of Process and Enforcement of Civil Liabilities” for more information. 

 Implications of Being an “Emerging Growth Company” 

 We qualify as an “emerging growth company” as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (the “JOBS Act”). As
such, we are eligible, for up to five years, to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other publicly traded entities that are not emerging growth companies. These exemptions include: 

 • 
 
 being permitted to only disclose two years of audited financial statements in addition to any required unaudited
interim financial statements with correspondingly reduced “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” disclosure; 

 • 
 
 not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes- Oxley
Act of 2002 (“Section 404”); and 

 • 
 
 our auditor not being required to comply with the requirement in Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
Auditing Standard 3101, The Auditor’s Report on an Audit of Financial Statements When the Auditor Expresses an Unqualified Opinion, to communicate critical audit matters in the auditor’s report. 

 We may take advantage of these provisions until December 31, 2026, or such earlier time that we are no longer an emerging growth company.
As a result, we do not know if some investors will find our common stock less attractive. The result may be a less active trading market for our common stock, and the price of our common stock may become more volatile. 

 We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of: (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross
revenues exceed $1.235 billion; (ii) the last day of the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026; (iii) the date that we become a “large accelerated filer” as
 defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our common stock that is
 held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter; or (iv) the date on which we have issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt securities during any three-yea