424B5
 1
 tm2430912-1_424b5.htm
 424B5

 tm2430912-1_424b5 - none - 6.7500222s 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 The information contained in this preliminary prospectus supplement is not complete and may be changed. Neither this preliminary prospectus supplement nor the accompanying prospectus is an offer to sell nor does it seek an offer to buy the Depositary Shares in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. 

 Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) ​

 Registration Statement No. 333-281155 ​

 SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED JANUARY 7, 2025 

 Preliminary Prospectus Supplement 
 (To Prospectus dated August 30, 2024) 

 Depositary Shares 

 American National Group Inc. 

 Each Representing a 1/1,000 th Interest in a Share of 

 % Fixed-Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D 

 ​

 Each of the depositary shares offered hereby (the “Depositary Shares”) represents a 1/1,000 th interest in a share of % Fixed-Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D, $25,000 liquidation preference per share (equivalent to $25.00 per Depositary Share) of American National Group Inc. (the “Series D Preferred Stock”), deposited with Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., acting jointly, as depositary (collectively, the “Depositary”). The Depositary Shares are evidenced by depositary receipts. As a holder of Depositary Shares, you are entitled to a proportional fractional interest in all rights and preferences of the shares of Series D Preferred Stock represented thereby (including dividend, voting, redemption and liquidation rights). You must exercise these rights through the Depositary. 

 Holders of Series D Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive dividend payments only when, as and if declared by our board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board), out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends. Any such dividends will be payable on a non-cumulative basis quarterly in arrears on the 15 th day of January, April, July and October of each year, commencing on April 15, 2025. Dividends will accrue on the stated amount of $25,000 per share of Series D Preferred Stock (equivalent to $25.00 per Depositary Share) from the date of original issue at a fixed rate per annum of %. Payment of dividends on the Series D Preferred Stock is subject to certain legal, regulatory and other restrictions. 

 Dividends on the Series D Preferred Stock will not be cumulative and will not be mandatory. Accordingly, if dividends are not declared on the Series D Preferred Stock for any dividend period, then any dividends for that dividend period shall not accrue and shall not be payable. If our board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board) has not declared a dividend before the dividend payment date for any dividend period, we will have no obligation to pay dividends for such dividend period on or after the dividend payment date for that dividend period, whether or not dividends on the Series D Preferred Stock are declared for any future dividend period. 

 We may, at our option, redeem the Series D Preferred Stock (a) in whole or in part, from time to time, on or after January 15, 2030 (the “First Call Date”), at a redemption price equal to $25,000 per share of Series D Preferred Stock (equivalent to $25.00 per Depositary Share), plus an amount equal to any declared but unpaid dividends and the portion of the quarterly dividend per share attributable to the then-current dividend period that has not been declared and paid to, but excluding, such redemption date, (b) in whole but not in part, at any time prior to the First Call Date, within 90 days after the occurrence of a “rating agency event,” at a redemption price equal to $25,500 per share of Series D Preferred Stock (102% of the stated amount of $25,000 per share) (equivalent to $25.50 per Depositary Share), plus an amount equal to any declared but unpaid dividends and the portion of the quarterly dividend per share attributable to the then-current dividend period that has not been declared and paid to, but excluding, such redemption date, and (c) in whole but not in part, at any time prior to the First Call Date, within 90 days after the occurrence of a “regulatory capital event,” at a redemption price equal to $25,000 per share of Series D Preferred Stock (equivalent to $25.00 per Depositary Share), plus an amount equal to any declared but unpaid dividends and the portion of the quarterly dividend per share attributable to the then-current dividend period that has not been declared and paid to, but excluding, such redemption date. If we redeem the Series D Preferred Stock, the Depositary will redeem a proportionate number of Depositary Shares. Neither you, as a holder of Depositary Shares, nor the Depositary will have the right to require the redemption or repurchase of the Series D Preferred Stock or the Depositary Shares. See “Description of the Series D Preferred Stock — Optional Redemption.” 

 The Series D Preferred Stock will not have voting rights, except those voting rights expressly set forth under “Description of the Series D Preferred Stock — Voting Rights” on page S-25 . A holder of Depositary Shares will be entitled to direct the Depositary to vote in such circumstances. See “Description of the Depositary Shares — Voting of the Depositary Shares.” 

 Application will be made to list the Depositary Shares on the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”) under the symbol “ANG PRD.” If the application is approved, trading of the Depositary Shares on the NYSE is expected to commence within 30 days after the initial delivery of the Depositary Shares. The Depositary Shares and the underlying Series D Preferred Stock are a new issue of securities for which there are currently no established trading markets. 

 Investing in the Depositary Shares and the underlying Series D Preferred Stock involves significant risks. See “Risk Factors” be