424B5
 1
 d88504d424b5.htm
 424B5

 424B5 

 Table of Contents 

 Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5)
Registration No. 333-281553 

 PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 

 (To Prospectus Dated August 14, 2024) 

 First Citizens BancShares, Inc. 

 500,000 Depositary Shares, Each Representing a 1/100th Interest in a Share of 

 7.000% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series D 

 We are offering 500,000 depositary shares, each representing a 1/100th ownership interest in a share of 7.000%
 Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series D, par value $0.01 per share, with a liquidation preference of $100,000 per share (equivalent to $1,000 per depositary share) (the “Series D Preferred
Stock”). As a holder of depositary shares, you will be entitled to all proportional rights and preferences of the Series D Preferred Stock (including dividend, voting, redemption, liquidation, and other rights). You must exercise such rights
through the depositary for the shares of the Series D Preferred Stock. 
 Dividends on the Series D Preferred Stock will be payable when, as,
and if authorized by our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of our board of directors and declared by us out of legally available funds. From the issue date to, but excluding, December 15, 2030, dividends on the Series D
Preferred Stock will accrue on a non-cumulative basis at a rate of 7.000% per annum on the liquidation preference of $100,000 per share (equivalent to $1,000 per depositary share), payable quarterly, in
arrears, on the fifteenth day of each March, June, September, and December, commencing on March 15, 2026 and ending on December 15, 2030 (or the next business day if any such date is not a business day, without adjustment in the amount of
the dividend per share of the Series D Preferred Stock). From and including December 15, 2030, for each reset period, dividends on the Series D Preferred Stock will accrue on a non-cumulative basis at the
five-year treasury rate as of the most recent reset dividend determination date (as defined herein) plus 3.301% per annum for each reset period on the liquidation preference of $100,000 per share (equivalent to $1,000 per depositary share), payable
quarterly, in arrears, on the fifteenth day of each March, June, September, and December, commencing on March 15, 2031 (or the next business day if any such date is not a business day, without adjustment in the amount of the dividend per share
of the Series D Preferred Stock). 
 Dividends on the Series D Preferred Stock will be
 non-cumulative. If, for any reason, our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of our board of directors does not authorize and we do not declare full cash dividends on the Series D Preferred Stock
for a dividend period (as defined herein), holders of the Series D Preferred Stock will have no right to receive any dividend or a full dividend for that period, whether or not our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of our board
authorizes and we declare dividends on our common stock, our other series of preferred stock (as described elsewhere in this prospectus supplement), or our Series D Preferred Stock for any subsequent dividend period. However, with certain limited
exceptions, if we have not authorized, declared and paid or set aside for payment full dividends on the Series D Preferred Stock for any dividend period, we may not declare or pay dividends on, or redeem, purchase or acquire, our common stock or
other junior securities during the next succeeding dividend period. 
 The Series D Preferred Stock is perpetual and has no maturity date. We
may redeem the Series D Preferred Stock at our option, (i) in whole or in part, from time to time, on any dividend payment date (as defined herein) on or after December 15, 2030 or (ii) in whole but not in part, within 90 days
following a regulatory capital treatment event (as defined herein), in each case, at a redemption price equal to $100,000 per share (equivalent to $1,000 per depositary share), plus any authorized, declared, and unpaid dividends, and in the case of
our optional redemption, without accumulation of undeclared dividends, and, in the case of a redemption following a regulatory capital treatment event, the pro-rated portion of dividends, whether or not
declared, for the dividend period in which such redemption occurs. If we redeem the Series D Preferred Stock, the depositary (as defined herein) will redeem a proportional number of depositary shares. Neither the holders of Series D Preferred Stock
nor holders of depositary shares will have the right to require the redemption or repurchase of the Series D Preferred Stock or the depositary shares. Any redemption of the Series D Preferred Stock is subject to our receipt of any required prior
approval by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or other successor regulatory authority (the “Federal Reserve”) and to the satisfaction of any conditions set forth in the capital standards, guidelines or regulations of
the Federal Reserve applicable to redemption of the Series D Preferred Stock. 
 The Series D Preferred Stock will not have any voting
rights, except as set forth under “Description of the Series D Preferred Stock—Voting Rights” on page S-20. 

 The depositary shares are a new issue of securities with no established trading market. We do not intend to apply for listing of the depositary
shares on any securities exchange or for inclusion of the depositary shares in any automated de