424B5
 1
 form424b5.htm

 Registration
No. 333- 255094 

 PROSPECTUS
SUPPLEMENT 

 (To
the Prospectus dated April 12, 2021) 

 CareCloud,
Inc. 

 (formerly
MTBC, Inc.) 

 Up
to $35 million 

 8.75%
Series B Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock 

 Liquidation
Preference $25.00 per Share 

 CareCloud,
Inc. has entered into an At Market Issuance Sales Agreement (the “Sales Agreement”) with B. Riley Securities, Inc. (“B.
Riley Securities”), relating to the sale of our 8.75% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, which we refer
to as the “Series B Preferred Stock”, offered by this prospectus supplement. In accordance with the terms of the Sales Agreement,
under this prospectus supplement we may offer and sell, from time to time, shares of Series B Preferred Stock having an aggregate offering
price of up to $35 million, through B. Riley Securities, acting as our sales agent or principal. Sales of Series B Preferred Stock,
if any, under this prospectus supplement will be made by any method permitted that is deemed an “at the market offering”
as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the “Securities Act.” B. Riley Securities is not
required to sell any specific amount but will act as our sales agent using commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal
trading and sales practices, on mutually agreed terms between B. Riley Securities and us. There is no arrangement for funds to be received
in any escrow, trust or similar arrangement. 

 The
compensation to B. Riley Securities for the sales of Series B Preferred Stock sold under the Sales Agreement will be 3.0% of the
gross proceeds received from the sales. The net proceeds, if any, that we receive from the sales of Series B Preferred Stock will depend
on the number of shares actually sold and the offering price for such shares. See “Plan of Distribution” beginning on page
S-27 for additional information regarding the compensation to be paid to B. Riley Securities. In connection with the sale of the
Series B Preferred Stock on our behalf, B. Riley Securities will be deemed to be an underwriter within the meaning of the Securities
Act and the compensation of B. Riley Securities will be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts. 

 Dividends
on the Series B Preferred Stock offered hereby are cumulative from the first day of the calendar month in which they are issued, and
will be payable on the fifteenth day of each calendar month, when, as and if declared by our board of directors. Dividends will be payable
out of amounts legally available therefor at a rate equal to 8.75% per annum per $25.00 of stated liquidation preference per share, or
$2.1875 per share of Series B Preferred Stock per year. 

 Commencing
on February 15, 2024 and prior to February 15, 2025, we may redeem, at our option, the Series B Preferred Stock, in whole or in part,
at a cash redemption price of $25.75 per share, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends to, but not including, the redemption date. On
or after February 15, 2025 and prior to February 15, 2026, we may redeem, at our option, the Series B Preferred Stock, in whole or in
part, at a cash redemption price of $25.50 per share, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends to, but not including, the redemption date.
On or after February 15, 2026 and prior to February 15, 2027, we may redeem, at our option, the Series B Preferred Stock, in whole or
in part, at a cash redemption price of $25.25 per share, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends to, but not including, the redemption
date. On or after February 15, 2027, we may redeem, at our option, the Series B Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, at a cash redemption
price of $25.00 per share, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends to, but not including, the redemption date. The Series B Preferred Stock
has no stated maturity, will not be subject to any sinking fund or other mandatory redemption, and will not be convertible into any of
our other securities. 

 Holders
of the Series B Preferred Stock generally will have no voting rights except for limited voting rights if dividends payable on the outstanding
Series B Preferred Stock are in arrears for eighteen or more consecutive or non-consecutive monthly dividend periods. 

 Our
Series B Preferred Stock currently trades on the Nasdaq Global Market, with the trading symbol “MTBCO.” The
last reported sale price of our Series B Preferred Stock on February 10, 2022 was $26.05
 per share. 

 You
should read this prospectus supplement in conjunction with the accompanying base prospectus, including any supplements and amendments
thereto. This prospectus supplement is qualified by reference to the accompanying base prospectus except to the extent that the information
in this prospectus supplement supersedes the information contained in the accompanying base prospectus. This prospectus supplement is
not complete without, and may not be delivered or utilized except in connection with, the accompanying base prospectus, including any
supplements and amendments thereto. 

 Investing
in our Series B Preferred Stock involves significant risks. You should carefully consider the risk factors beginning on page S-7
of this prospectus supplement, page 6 of the accompanying prospectus and in the documents incorporated herein by reference, before
purchasing any of the Series B Preferred Stock offered by this prospectus. 

 NEITHER
THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED OF THESE SECURITIES OR PASSED
UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THIS PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFF