424B5
 1
 g082998_424b5.htm
 424B5

 Filed
Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) 

 Registration Statement No. 333-261427 

 PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 

 (To Prospectus dated December
 16, 2021) 

 ​ 

 SOLUNA HOLDINGS, INC. 

 525,714
Shares of 9.0% Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock 

 Liquidation
Preference $25.00 per Share 

 Soluna Holdings, Inc. (the “Company”,
“we”, “us” or “our”) is offering on a firm commitment basis, pursuant to this prospectus supplement
and the accompanying base prospectus, an aggregate of 525,714 shares (the “Shares”) of our 9.0% Series A Cumulative
Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share, with a $25.00 liquidation preference per share (the “Series A Preferred
Stock”), at a public offering price of $17.50 per Share. A description of the determination of the public offering price
is included in “Underwriting—Pricing of the Offering.”

 Concurrently with this offering of Shares
(the “Offering”), and pursuant to a separate prospectus supplement, we intend to sell up to an aggregate of 1,142,857 shares
of Series A Preferred Stock directly to certain institutional lenders (the “Lenders”) holding promissory notes in
the aggregate principal amount of $20 million (the “Notes”) in a registered direct offering at the same price per
Share as the public offering price per Share set forth above (the “Registered Direct Offering”, and together with
the Offering, the “Offerings”). Pursuant to the terms of the Notes, the Shares are being offered as repayment of the
Notes in full satisfaction of the Company’s obligations thereunder. The closing of each of the Offerings is not contingent
upon the other. See “Underwriting” for more information.

 The Offerings are a re-opening of our
original issuance of Series A Preferred Stock, which occurred on August 23, 2021, and our follow-on issuances of Series A Preferred
Stock, which occurred on December 28, 2021 and January 5, 2022. The additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock offered hereby
and in connection with the Registered Direct Offering will form a single series with such prior issuances, and be fully fungible,
with the outstanding shares of our Series A Preferred Stock. As of the date of this prospectus supplement, there were 1,319,156
shares of our Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, excluding the shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be issued in
this Offering and the Registered Direct Offering.

 Subject to the preferential rights, if
any, of the holders of any class or series of our capital stock ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock as to the dividends
(of which none exist at this time), dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock, when, as and if declared by our board of directors
(the “Board”) or a duly authorized committee thereof, will be payable in cash on the $25.00 liquidation preference
amount (based on an annual rate of 9.0% of such liquidation preference per year, equivalent to $2.25 per year), on a cumulative
basis, monthly in arrears on the final day of each month (each, a “Dividend Payment Date”), if a business day, and
if such Dividend Payment Date is not a business day, then such next succeeding business day. The first dividend on the shares
of Series A Preferred Stock offered pursuant to this prospectus supplement will be paid on or about May 31, 2022, which will include
the period from May 1, 2022 through May 31, 2022. We expect that the settlement for any dividend that may be due for the period
from the first date we issue and sell such shares of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to this prospectus supplement through,
but not including, May 1, 2022, will be paid at the closing of this Offering to the extent this Offering closes before May 1,
2022.

 The
Series A Preferred Stock is perpetual, has no maturity date and is not redeemable prior to August 23, 2026, except under the circumstances
described under “Description of the Series A Preferred Stock—Special Optional Redemption.” On or after August
23, 2026, the Series A Preferred Stock may be redeemed at our option, in whole or in part, from time to time, at a redemption
price of $25.00 per share of Series A Preferred Stock, plus all dividends accumulated and unpaid (whether or not declared) on
the Series A Preferred Stock up to, but not including, the date of such redemption, upon the giving of notice, as described below
under “Description of the Series A Preferred Stock—Optional Redemption.” 

 Upon the occurrence of a Delisting Event
or a Change of Control (each as defined below), as applicable, each holder of Series A Preferred Stock will have the right (unless
we have provided or provide notice of our election to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to the certificate of designations,
preferences, and rights of the Series A Preferred Stock, as amended (the “Certificate of Designations”)) to convert
some or all of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by such holder on the Delisting Event Conversion Date or Change of
Control Conversion Date (each defined below), as applicable, into a number of shares of our common stock, par value $0.001 per
share (the “Common Stock”) (or equivalent value of alternative consideration), per share of Series A Preferred Stock
according to the formula provided in the Certificate of Designations and as described under “Description of the Series A
Preferred Stock—Limited Conversion Rights”. In addition, upon a Chang