424B5
 1
 tm2122364d1_424b5.htm
 424B5

 Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) 

 Registration No. 333-257262 

 Prospectus 

 Babcock
 & Wilcox Enterprises, Inc. 

 2,916,880 shares of 7.75% Series A Cumulative
Perpetual Preferred Stock 

 10,720,785 shares of Common Stock 

 Offered, from time to time, by the selling securityholders 

 This prospectus relates to the resale, from time
to time, by the selling securityholders identified in this prospectus under “Selling Securityholders,” of up to 2,916,880
shares of 7.75% Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share and with a liquidation preference of $25.00 per
share (the “Preferred Stock”), and 10,720,785 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the “Common Stock”
and, together with the Preferred Stock, the “Securities”), issued and sold by us. We are not selling any Securities under
this prospectus and will not receive any proceeds from the sale of Securities by the selling securityholders. The selling securityholders
will bear all commissions and discounts, if any, attributable to the sale of the shares. We will bear all costs, expenses and fees in
connection with the registration of the offer and sale of the Securities hereunder.

 The selling securityholders may sell the Securities
offered by this prospectus from time to time on terms to be determined at the time of sale through ordinary brokerage transactions or
through any other means described in this prospectus under the heading “Plan of Distribution.” The Securities may be sold
at fixed prices, at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to prevailing market price or at negotiated prices.

 The Preferred Stock is listed on the New York Stock
Exchange under the symbol “BW PRA” and the Common Stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “BW”.
On June 15, 2021, the closing price of the Preferred Stock was $25.62 per share and the closing price of the Common Stock was $7.01 per
share.

 Investing in any of our Securities involves
risk. Please read carefully the section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 4 of this prospectus. 

 Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission
nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete.
Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 

 The date of this prospectus is June 29, 2021.

 Table of Contents 

 Page 

 About This Prospectus 
 1 

 Where You Can Find More Information 
 1 

 Information We Incorporate By Reference 
 1 

 Prospectus Summary 
 3 

 Risk Factors 
 4 

 Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 4 

 Use of Proceeds 
 5 

 Description of the Notes 
 5 

 Selling Securityholders 
 5 

 Plan of Distribution 
 6 

 Legal Matters 
 9 

 Experts 
 9 

 About This
Prospectus 

 This prospectus relates to the resale by the selling
securityholders identified in this prospectus under the heading “Selling Securityholders,” from time to time, of up to 2,916,880
shares of Preferred Stock and 10,720,785 shares of Common Stock. We are not selling any of our Securities under this prospectus and we
will not receive any proceeds from the sale of Securities offered hereby by the selling securityholders.

 This prospectus is part of a registration statement
on Form S-3 that we have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. It omits some of the information contained in
the registration statement, and reference is made to the full registration statement for further information about us and the securities
being offered by the selling securityholders. Any statement contained in the prospectus concerning the provisions of any document filed
as an exhibit to the registration statement or otherwise filed with the SEC is not necessarily complete, and in each instance, reference
is made to the copy of the document filed. You should review the complete document to evaluate these statements. You should read both
this prospectus and any prospectus supplement together with the additional information referenced under the headings “Where You
Can Find More Information” and “Information We Incorporate By Reference.”

 We and the selling securityholders have not authorized
anyone to provide you with different information from the information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus and in
any prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus that we may provide you. You should not assume that the information contained in
this prospectus, any prospectus supplement, any document incorporated by reference or any free writing prospectus is accurate as of any
date, other than the date mentioned on the cover page of these documents. We and the selling securityholders are not making offers to
sell the securities in any jurisdiction in which an offer or solicitation is not authorized or in which the person making such offer or
solicitation is not qualified to do so or to anyone to whom it is unlawful to make an offer or solicitation.

 Unless we otherwise state or the context otherwise
indicates, all references in this prospectus to “B&W,” the “Company,” “us,” “our,”
or “we” or similar references, mean Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises, Inc.

 Where You Can
Find More Information 

 We are subject to the information and periodic
reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. As a result, we file periodic reports,
proxy statements and other information with the SEC. These filings are available on the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. You
may also inspect our periodic reports, proxy statements and other information at our 