424B5
 1
 d209085d424b5.htm
 424B5

 424B5 

 Table of Contents 

 Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5)
Registration No. 333-279151 

 The information in this preliminary prospectus supplement is not
complete and may be changed. 

 Subject to Completion 

 Preliminary Prospectus Supplement dated September 17, 2024 

 PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
 (To prospectus dated May 6,
2024) 
 Shares 

 Air Lease Corporation 

 % Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series D 

 (Liquidation Preference $1,000.00 Per Share) 

 We are offering
shares of our % Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series D, or the “Series D Preferred Stock”. This is our first issuance of the Series D Preferred Stock. We have
10,000,000 shares of our 6.150% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A (“Series A
Preferred Stock”) outstanding, 300,000 shares of our 4.650% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B (“Series B Preferred Stock”) outstanding and 300,000 shares of our
4.125% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series C (“Series C Preferred Stock”) outstanding. The Series D Preferred Stock will rank senior to our common stock, $0.01 par value
per share, which we refer to in this prospectus supplement as our common stock, and any other class or series of our subsequently issued capital stock expressly designated as ranking junior to the Series D Preferred Stock, and on a parity with our
Series A Preferred Stock, our Series B Preferred Stock and our Series C Preferred Stock. The Series D Preferred Stock will rank junior in right of payment to our existing and future debt obligations, including any subordinated debt, and liabilities.

 We will pay dividends on the Series D Preferred Stock when, as and if declared by our board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of
our board of directors), only out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends. Dividends on the Series D Preferred Stock will accrue on the stated amount of $1,000.00 per share of the Series D Preferred Stock at a rate per annum equal to
(i) % from the date of original issuance to, but excluding, , (the “First Reset Date”) and (ii) the Five-year U.S. Treasury Rate (as defined herein) as of the most recent reset
dividend determination date (as defined herein) plus % for each reset period (as defined herein) from, and including, the First Reset Date; provided, that the dividend rate per annum during any reset period will not reset
below % (which equals the initial dividend rate per annum on the Series D Preferred Stock). Dividends will be payable quarterly in arrears on , , and
 of each year, beginning on , . If any dividend payment date is not a business day, then such date will nevertheless be a dividend payment date, but dividends on the
Series D Preferred Stock, when, as and if declared, will be paid on the next succeeding business day (without adjustment in the amount of the dividend per share of the Series D Preferred Stock). 

 Dividends on the Series D Preferred Stock will not be cumulative and will not be mandatory. If for any reason our board of directors (or a duly
authorized committee of our board of directors) does not declare a dividend on the Series D Preferred Stock in respect of a dividend period (as defined herein), then no dividend will be deemed to have accrued for such dividend period or be payable
on the applicable dividend payment date or accumulate, no interest or sum of money in lieu of interest or dividends shall be payable in respect of any dividend not so declared, and we will have no obligation to pay any dividend for that dividend
period, whether or not dividends on the Series D Preferred Stock or any other series of our preferred stock or on our common stock are declared for any future dividend period. Holders of the Series D Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to any
dividends, whether payable in cash, securities or other property, other than dividends (if any) declared and payable on the Series D Preferred Stock as specified in this prospectus supplement (subject to the other provisions hereof). 

 We may, at our option, redeem the Series D Preferred Stock (i) in whole or in part, from time to time, beginning
 , and on any day thereafter until (and including) the First Reset Date, and on any dividend payment date thereafter, in each case for cash at a redemption price equal to $1,000.00 per share
and (ii) in whole but not in part, at any time within 120 days after the conclusion of any review or appeal process instituted by us following the occurrence of a rating agency event (as defined herein), or, if no review or appeal process is
available or sought with respect to such rating agency event, at any time within 120 days after the occurrence of such rating agency event, at a redemption price in cash equal to $1,020.00 per share, in each of cases (i) and (ii), plus any
declared and unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. For more information on our redemption rights, see “ Description of the Series D Preferred
Stock—Redemption ”. 
 The Series D Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and is not subject to mandatory redemption or any
sinking fund. 
 Holders of shares of the Series D Preferred Stock will not have any voting rights except as described in this prospectus
supplement. For more information on voting rights, see “ Description of the Series D Preferred Stock—Voting Rights ”. 

 The Series D Preferred Stock are a new issue of securities with no established trading market. We do not intend to apply to list the Series D
Preferred Stock on any securities exchange or include the Series D Preferred Stock in any automated quotation system. 

 Investing in
the Series D Preferred Stock involves risks. See “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page S-10 of this prospectus supplement and th