424B5
 1
 d898807d424b5.htm
 424B5

 424B5 

 Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5)
Registration No. 333-282261 

 This preliminary prospectus supplement relates to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, but is not
complete and may be changed. This preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus are not an offer to sell these securities and are not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not
permitted. 

 PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
 (To Prospectus
Dated September 20, 2024) 
 Shares 

 Annaly Capital Management, Inc. 

 % Series J Fixed-Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 

 (Liquidation Preference $25.00 Per Share) 

 We are offering shares of our % Series J Fixed-Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share,
with a liquidation preference of $25.00 per share, or the Series J Preferred Stock. Holders of Series J Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive cumulative cash dividends from and including the original issue date at a fixed rate equal to %
per annum of the $25.00 per share liquidation preference (equivalent to $ per annum per share). Dividends will be payable quarterly in arrears on or about the last day of March, June, September and December of each year, when and as
authorized and declared, beginning on December 31, 2025 (long first dividend period). Dividends will accumulate and be cumulative from, and including, the date of original issuance of the Series J Preferred Stock. 

 The Series J Preferred Stock is not redeemable by us prior to September 30, 2030, except under circumstances where it is necessary to
preserve our qualification as a real estate investment trust, or REIT, for U.S. federal income tax purposes and except as described below upon the occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined herein). On or after September 30, 2030, we may, at
our option, subject to certain procedural requirements, redeem any or all of the shares of the Series J Preferred Stock for cash at a redemption price of $25.00 per share, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not authorized
or declared) to, but excluding, the redemption date. In addition, upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, we may, at our option, subject to certain procedural requirements, redeem any or all of the shares of Series J Preferred Stock within 120
days after the first date on which such Change of Control occurred, for cash at a redemption price of $25.00 per share, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not authorized or declared) to, but excluding, the redemption date.
The Series J Preferred Stock has no stated maturity, is not subject to any sinking fund or mandatory redemption and will remain outstanding indefinitely unless repurchased or redeemed by us or, as described below, converted into shares of our common
stock, par value $0.01 per share, or our common stock, in connection with a Change of Control. 
 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control,
each holder of Series J Preferred Stock will have the right (subject to our election to redeem the Series J Preferred Stock in whole or in part, as described above, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date (as defined herein)) to convert some
or all of the shares of the Series J Preferred Stock held by such holder on the Change of Control Conversion Date into a number of shares of our common stock per share of Series J Preferred Stock equal to the lesser of: 

 • 
 
 the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the sum of the $25.00 liquidation preference per share of the Series J
Preferred Stock, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not authorized or declared) to, but excluding, the Change of Control Conversion Date (unless the Change of Control Conversion Date is after a dividend record date (as
defined herein) and prior to the corresponding dividend payment date (as defined herein) for the Series J Preferred Stock, in which case no additional amount for such accumulated and unpaid dividends to be paid on such dividend payment date will be
included in this sum) by (ii) the Common Stock Price (as defined herein); and 

 • 
 
 , or the Share Cap, subject to certain adjustments as explained herein;

 in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions described in this prospectus supplement, including provisions for the receipt,
under specified circumstances, of alternative consideration as described in this prospectus supplement. 
 The Series J Preferred Stock has
not been rated. No current market exists for the Series J Preferred Stock. We intend to apply to list the shares of the Series J Preferred Stock on the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE, under the symbol “NLY.J”. If the application is
approved, trading of the Series J Preferred Stock on the NYSE is expected to begin within 30 days after the date of initial issuance of the Series J Preferred Stock. Our common stock is traded on the NYSE under the symbol “NLY”. 

 There are restrictions on transfer and ownership of the Series J Preferred Stock intended to, among other purposes, preserve our qualification
as a REIT. Please see “Description of the Series J Preferred Stock—Restrictions on Transfer and Ownership” in this prospectus supplement and “Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer” in the accompanying prospectus. In
addition, except under limited circumstances as described in this prospectus supplement, holders of Series J Preferred Stock generally will not have any voting rights. 

 Investing in the Series J Preferred Stock involves risks. You should carefully consider the risks that are described under the caption “ Risk
 Factors ” beginning on page S-13 of this prospectus supplement and included in our Annual Report on Form