424B5
 1
 tm2415012-1_424b5.htm
 424B5

 tm2415012-1_424b5 - none - 8.913035s 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 As filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) ​

 Registration Nos. 333-262320 ​

 PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
 (To Prospectus dated January 24, 2022) 

 $500,000,000 

 Common Stock 

 9.00% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 

 (Liquidation Preference $25.00 per share) 

 We have entered into separate equity distribution agreements with each of BTIG, LLC, Jefferies LLC, Piper Sandler & Co. and Roth Capital Partners, LLC (or certain of their respective affiliates), acting in their capacities as Sales Agents (as defined below) or as Forward Sellers (as defined below) and, in certain cases, as Forward Purchasers (as defined below), relating to the offer and sale of shares of our common stock, par value $0.001 per share (“common stock”), and shares of our 9.00% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share (“Series A Preferred Stock”), having an aggregate offering price of up to $500,000,000. We refer to the shares of common stock and Series A Preferred Stock offered under this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, collectively, as the “offered shares.” Pursuant to separate equity distribution agreements, we previously offered shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $500,000,000 by means of a prospectus supplement, dated January 20, 2023 (the “Prior Offering”). The Prior Offering has been terminated with shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of $477,957,219 remaining unsold. 

 We refer to BTIG, LLC, Jefferies LLC, Piper Sandler & Co. and Roth Capital Partners, LLC, when acting in their capacity as sales agents, individually as a “Sales Agent” and collectively as “Sales Agents.” We refer to these entities (or certain of their respective affiliates), when acting as agents for Forward Purchasers, individually as a “Forward Seller” and collectively as “Forward Sellers.” Sales of the offered shares, if any, under this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus may be made by any method permitted by law deemed to be an “at-the-market” offering as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), including, without limitation, sales made directly on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”), on any other existing trading market for our common stock or Series A Preferred Stock, in block trades or to or through a market maker or through an electronic communications network. 

 The equity distribution agreements provide that, in addition to the issuance and sale of the offered shares by us through the Sales Agents, we may enter into forward sale agreements under separate master forward sale agreements and related supplemental confirmations between us and a Forward Seller or its affiliate with respect to shares of our common stock. We refer to these entities, when acting in this capacity, individually as a “Forward Purchaser” and collectively as “Forward Purchasers.” In connection with each particular forward sale agreement, the relevant Forward Purchaser (or an affiliate thereof) will borrow from third parties and, through the relevant Forward Seller, sell a number of shares of common stock equal to the number of shares of common stock underlying the particular forward sale agreement. No shares of Series A Preferred Stock will be sold under forward sale agreements. 

 We will not initially receive any proceeds from the sale of borrowed shares of common stock by a Forward Seller. We expect to fully physically settle each particular forward sale agreement with the relevant Forward Purchaser on one or more dates specified by us on or prior to the maturity date of that particular forward sale agreement, in which case we expect to receive aggregate net cash proceeds at settlement equal to the number of shares of common stock underlying the particular forward sale agreement multiplied by the relevant forward sale price. However, we may also elect to cash settle or net share settle a particular forward sale agreement, in which case we may not receive any proceeds from the issuance of shares of common stock, and we will instead receive or pay cash (in the case of cash settlement) or receive or deliver shares of common stock (in the case of net share settlement). 

 Each Sales Agent will receive from us a commission that will not exceed, but may be lower than, 2.0% of the gross sales price of all offered shares sold through it as Sales Agent under the applicable equity distribution agreement. In connection with each forward sale, we will pay the relevant Forward Seller, in the form of a reduced initial forward sale price under the related forward sale agreement with the related Forward Purchaser, commissions at a mutually agreed rate that will not exceed, but may be lower than, 2.0% of the gross sales price of all borrowed shares of common stock sold by it as a Forward Seller. Each of the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and/or the Forward Purchasers may be deemed an “underwriter” within the meaning of the Securities Act, and the compensation paid to the Sales Agents or the Forward Sellers in the form of a reduced initial forward sale price under the related forward sale agreements with the related Forward Purchaser may be deemed to be underwriting discounts or commissions. The offering pursuant to this prospectus supplement will terminate upon the 