424B5
 1
 d205351d424b5.htm
 FORM 424B5

 Form 424B5 

 Table of Contents 

 The information in this preliminary prospectus supplement is not
complete and may be changed. This preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus are not an offer to sell these securities and are not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not
prohibited. 
 
 Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) 

Registration No. 333-227644
 
 Subject to Completion, dated August 10, 2021 

 PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
 (To prospectus
dated October 1, 2018) 

 Depositary Shares Each Representing a 1/10th Interest 

 in a Share of Perpetual % Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series I 

 We are offering depositary shares, each representing a
1/10th ownership interest in a share of our Perpetual % Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series I, par value $1.00 per
share, with a $10,000 liquidation preference per share (equivalent to $1,000 per depositary share) (the “Preferred Stock”). As a holder of depositary shares, you will be entitled to proportionate rights and preferences of the Preferred
Stock (including dividend, voting, redemption and liquidation rights). You must exercise these rights through the depositary. 

 We will pay dividends on the Preferred Stock, when, as, and if declared by our board of directors or a duly authorized committee
of our board of directors, from the date of issuance to, but excluding, September , 2026 at a rate of % per
annum, payable semi-annually, in arrears, on March and September of each year, beginning on
March , 2022. From and including September , 2026, for each reset period, we will pay dividends when, as,
and if declared by our board of directors or such committee at a rate equal to the five-year U.S. Treasury Rate as of the most recent reset dividend determination date (as described elsewhere in this prospectus supplement),
 plus % per annum, payable semi-annually, in arrears, on March and September
 of each year, beginning on March , 2027. 

 Dividends on the Preferred Stock will not be cumulative. If for any reason our board of directors, or a duly authorized
committee of our board of directors, does not declare a dividend on the Preferred Stock for any dividend period, such dividend will not accrue or be payable, and we will have no obligation to pay dividends for such dividend period, whether or not
dividends on the Preferred Stock are declared for any future dividend period. Dividends on the Preferred Stock will not be declared, paid or set aside for payment to the extent such act would cause us to fail to comply with applicable laws and
regulations, including applicable capital adequacy rules, or for which we have not received any applicable regulatory approvals. 

 Subject to any applicable required regulatory approvals, we may redeem the Preferred Stock in whole or in part, from time to
time, on any dividend payment date on or after September , 2026 or, in whole but not in part, at any time within 90 days following a regulatory capital treatment event (as
defined herein), in each case at a redemption price of $10,000 per share (equivalent to $1,000 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. If we redeem any shares of
Preferred Stock, the depositary will redeem a proportionate number of depositary shares. 
 Neither the Preferred Stock nor
the depositary shares are deposits or other obligations of a bank or are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency. 

 Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission, has approved or disapproved of the
depositary shares or the underlying Preferred Stock or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 

 Investing in the depositary shares and the underlying Preferred Stock involves risks. See “ Risk
 Factors ” beginning on page S-7 of this prospectus supplement and “Item 1A—Risk Factors” of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2020 for a discussion of certain risks that you should consider before investing in the depositary shares or the underlying Preferred Stock. 

 Per Share 

 Total 

 Public offering price (1) 

 $ 

 $ 

 Underwriting discount

 $ 

 $ 

 Proceeds, before expenses, to the issuer

 $ 

 $ 

 (1) 
 The public offering price set forth above does not include dividends, if any, that may be declared.
Dividends, if declared, will be calculated from the date of the original issuance, which is expected to be August , 2021. 

 We do not intend to apply to list the depositary shares or the Preferred Stock on any securities exchange or include the
depositary shares or the Preferred Stock on any automated quotation system. 

 We expect that delivery of the depositary shares will be made to investors in book-entry form through the facilities of The
Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) and its direct participants, including Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear System (“Euroclear”), and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream”), on or about
August , 2021. 

 Joint
Bookrunners 

 RBC Capital Markets 
 
 Citigroup 
 
 Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 

 The date of this prospectus supplement is August , 2021. 

 Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Prospectus Supplement 

 Page 

 ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 

 S-i 

 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

 S-ii 

 WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 

 S-iv 

 INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE 

 S-v 

 SUMMARY 

 S-1 

 SUMMARY OF THE OFFERING 

 S-3 

 RISK FACTORS 

 S-7 

 USE OF PROCEEDS 

 S-15 

 DESCRIPTION OF SERIES I PREFERRED STO