424B5
 1
 d23883d424b5.htm
 424B5

 424B5 

 Table of Contents 

 Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5)
 Registration No. 333-281553 

 The information in this preliminary prospectus supplement is not complete and may be changed. This preliminary prospectus supplement and the
accompanying prospectus are not an offer to sell nor do they seek an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted.

 SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED JANUARY 29, 2026 

 PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
 (To Prospectus Dated
August 14, 2024) 

 First Citizens BancShares, Inc. 

 Depositary Shares, Each Representing a 1/40th Interest in a Share of 

 % Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series E 

 We are offering depositary shares, each representing a 1/40th ownership interest in a share of % Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series E, par value $0.01 per share, with a liquidation preference of $1,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per depositary share) (the “Series E Preferred Stock”).
As a holder of depositary shares, you will be entitled to all proportional rights and preferences of the Series E Preferred Stock (including dividend, voting, redemption, liquidation, and other rights). You must exercise such rights through the
depositary for the shares of the Series E Preferred Stock. 
 Dividends on the Series E Preferred Stock will be payable when, as, and if
authorized by our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of our board of directors and declared by us out of legally available funds. From the issue date to, but excluding, March 15, 2031, dividends on the Series E Preferred Stock
will accrue on a non-cumulative basis at a rate of % per annum on the liquidation preference of $1,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per depositary share), payable quarterly, in arrears, on the
fifteenth day of each March, June, September, and December, commencing on June 15, 2026 and ending on March 15, 2031 (or the next business day if any such date is not a business day, without adjustment in the amount of the dividend per
share of the Series E Preferred Stock). From and including March 15, 2031, for each reset period, dividends on the Series E Preferred Stock will accrue on a non-cumulative basis at the five-year treasury
rate as of the most recent reset dividend determination date (as defined herein) plus % per annum for each reset period on the liquidation preference of $1,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per depositary share), payable quarterly, in
arrears, on the fifteenth day of each March, June, September, and December, commencing on June 15, 2031 (or the next business day if any such date is not a business day, without adjustment in the amount of the dividend per share of the Series E
Preferred Stock). 
 Dividends on the Series E Preferred Stock will be non-cumulative. If, for any
reason, our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of our board of directors does not authorize and we do not declare full cash dividends on the Series E Preferred Stock for a dividend period (as defined herein), holders of the Series E
Preferred Stock will have no right to receive any dividend or a full dividend for that period. 
 The Series E Preferred Stock is perpetual
and has no maturity date. Subject to any applicable required regulatory approvals, we may redeem the Series E Preferred Stock at our option, (i) in whole or in part, from time to time, on any dividend payment date (as defined herein) on or
after March 15, 2031 or (ii) in whole but not in part, within 90 days following a regulatory capital treatment event (as defined herein), in each case, at a redemption price equal to $1,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per depositary
share), plus any authorized, declared, and unpaid dividends, and in the case of our optional redemption, without accumulation of undeclared dividends, and, in the case of a redemption following a regulatory capital treatment event, the pro-rated portion of dividends, whether or not declared, for the dividend period in which such redemption occurs. If we redeem the Series E Preferred Stock, the depositary (as defined herein) will redeem a
proportional number of depositary shares. 
 We intend to apply to list the depositary shares on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (the
“Nasdaq”) under the symbol “FCNCN.” If the application is approved, trading of the depositary shares on the Nasdaq is expected to begin within 30 days after the date of initial delivery of the depositary shares. 

 The Series E Preferred Stock will not have any voting rights, except as set forth under “Description of the Series E Preferred
Stock—Voting Rights” on page S-21. 
 Investing in the depositary shares involves
risks. See “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page S-12 of this prospectus supplement and in “Item 1A. Risk Factors” of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, as updated by our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, each as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the
“SEC”) to read about factors you should consider before investing in the depositary shares. 

 Price to
Public (1) 

 Underwriting
Discount (2) 

 Proceeds, Before
Expenses, to
BancShares 

 Per Depositary Share

 $ 

 $ 

 $ 

 Total

 $ 

 $ 

 $ 

 (1) 
 The price to the public does not include dividends, if any, that may be declared. Dividends, if declared, will
accrue from the date of initial issuance, which is expected to be , 2026. 

 (2) 
 Reflects depositary shares sold to institutional investors, for which the underwriters
receive an underwriting discount of $ per depositary share, and depositary shares sold to retail investors, for which the underwriters receive an underwriting discount of $ per depositary
share. 
 
 The depositary shares are not savings accounts, deposits, or other obligations of any of our bank or non-bank 