rred Stock (i) in whole or in part, on any dividend payment
date on or after May 15, 2028 or (ii) in whole, but not in part, at any time within 90 days following certain changes to regulatory capital requirements as described herein, in each case, at a redemption price equal to $1,000 per share,
plus any declared and unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the date of redemption, without accumulation of undeclared dividends. Any redemption of the Series C Preferred Stock is subject to prior approval of the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System, which we refer to as the Federal Reserve. 
 The Series C Preferred Stock will not be listed or
displayed on any securities exchange or interdealer market quotation system. 
 The Series C Preferred Stock will
rank equally with our outstanding 4.700% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B. The Series C Preferred Stock will not have any voting rights, except in limited
circumstances as described under “ Description of Series C Preferred Stock—Voting Rights ” on page S-26. 

 Investing in the Series C Preferred Stock involves risks. See “ Risk Factors ”
beginning on page S-11 to read about risks you should consider before buying the Series C Preferred Stock. 

 Per Share 

 Total 

 Price to public (1) 

 $ 

 $ 

 Underwriting discount 

 $ 

 $ 

 Proceeds, before expenses, to Ally 

 $ 

 $ 

 (1) 
 Plus declared dividends, if any, on the Series C Preferred Stock
from , 2021, to the date of delivery. 
 
 The Series C Preferred Stock is not a savings or deposit account of Ally or any of its bank or non-bank subsidiaries and is not insured by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation or any other government agency or insurer. 
 Neither the Securities and Exchange
Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal
offense. 
 The underwriters expect to deliver the Series C Preferred Stock in book-entry form only through
the facilities of The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”), against payment on or about , 2021. 

 Joint Book-Running Managers 

 BofA Securities 
 
 Deutsche Bank Securities 
 
 Morgan Stanley 

 Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
 
 US Bancorp 
 
 Wells Fargo Securities 

 , 2021 

 Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Prospectus Supplement 

 Page 

 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

 S-1 

 Industry and Market Data 

 S-3 

 Summary 

 S-4 

 Risk Factors 

 S-11 

 Use of Proceeds 

 S-18 

 Capitalization 

 S-19 

 Description of Series C Preferred Stock 

 S-20 

 Certain Benefit Plan and IRA Considerations 

 S-30 

 Material United States Federal Income Tax Considerations 

 S-32 

 Underwriting 

 S-38 

 Incorporation by Reference; Where You Can Find More Information 

 S-46 

 Validity of the Securities 

 S-47 

 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 S-47 

 Prospectus 

 About This Prospectus 

 ii 

 Information Incorporated by Reference; Where You Can Find More Information 

 iii 

 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

 iv 

 Summary 

 1 

 Risk Factors 

 2 

 Use of Proceeds 

 3 

 Description of Senior Notes 

 4 

 Description of Subordinated Notes 

 10 

 Description of Preferred Stock 

 17 

 Book-Entry, Delivery and Form of Notes 

 18 

 Plan of Distribution 

 21 

 Validity of Securities 

 22 

 Experts 

 22 

 We provide information to you about this offering in two separate documents. The
accompanying prospectus provides general information about us and the securities we may offer from time to time. This prospectus supplement describes the specific details regarding this offering. Additional information is incorporated by reference
in this prospectus supplement. If information in this prospectus supplement is inconsistent with the accompanying prospectus, you should rely on this prospectus supplement. 

 Neither we nor the underwriters have authorized anyone to provide any information other than that contained or
incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus or any free writing prospectus prepared by or on behalf of us or to which we have referred you. We and the underwriters take no responsibility for, and can provide
no assurance as to the reliability of, any other information that others may give you. We are not, and the underwriters are not, making an offer of the Series C Preferred Stock in any jurisdiction where the offer is not permitted. You should not
assume that the information contained in or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus or in any such free writing prospectus is accurate as of any date other than their respective dates. 

 S-i

 Table of Contents 

 The distribution of this prospectus supplement, the accompanying
prospectus or any free writing prospectus and the offering of the Series C Preferred Stock in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus or any free writing
prospectus comes should inform themselves about and observe such restrictions. This prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus or any free writing prospectus does not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer or
solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorized or in which the person making such offer or solicitation is not qualified to do so or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or
solicitation. 
 References in this prospectus supplement to “the Company,” “we,”
“us,” and “our” refer to Ally Financial Inc. and its direct and indirect subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, and the term “Ally” refers only to Ally
Fina