424B5
 1
 nref20251101_424b5.htm
 FORM 424B5

 nref20251101_424b5.htm 

 Table of Contents 

 Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) 

 Registration No. 333-276177 

 PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 

 (To Prospectus dated December 29, 2023)

 NexPoint Real Estate Finance, Inc. 

 8.00% Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 

 (Stated Value $25.00 per share of Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock) 

 Maximum of 8,000,000 Shares 

 This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relate to the issuance and sale of a maximum of 8,000,000 shares of our 8.00% Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share (our “Series C Preferred Stock”), at a public offering price of $25.00 per share in this offering. The initial closing of the offering is expected to occur on or about December 5, 2025. To the extent a participating broker-dealer in this offering reduces its selling commissions below 7.0%, the public offering price per share of Series C Preferred Stock will be decreased by an amount equal to such reduction. The Series C Preferred Stock will rank senior to our common stock and pari passu with our 8.50% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share (our “Series A Preferred Stock”) and our 9.00% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share (our “Series B Preferred Stock”), with respect to payment of dividends and distribution of amounts upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up. Holders of our Series C Preferred Stock will have no voting rights except as set forth in the Articles Supplementary establishing the Series C Preferred Stock, including an exclusive voting right on any amendment to our charter in a manner that materially and adversely affects the rights of the holders of Series C Preferred Stock. This prospectus supplement also covers the shares of our common stock that may be issuable upon redemption of the Series C Preferred Stock sold pursuant to this offering. 

 We are organized and conduct our operations to qualify as a real estate investment trust (a “REIT”) for federal income tax purposes. To assist us in qualifying as a REIT, among other purposes, our charter generally limits any person from beneficially or constructively owning more than 6.2% in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of our common stock or 6.2% in value of the outstanding shares of all classes or series of our stock, including the Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock. See “Description of Capital Stock—Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer” beginning on page 11 of the accompanying prospectus.

 Shares of our common stock are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”) and the NYSE Texas under the symbol “NREF.” On November 3, 2025, the last reported sale price of our common stock on the NYSE was $13.70 per share. There is currently no public trading market for the Series C Preferred Stock, and we do not expect a market to develop. We do not intend to apply for a listing of the Series C Preferred Stock on any national securities exchange.

 As part of our “friends and family” program, we may sell shares of Series C Preferred Stock to NexPoint Real Estate Advisors VII, L.P. (our “Manager”), who acts as our external manager, and its affiliates, our directors and officers, the families of or persons or entities having prior relationships with any of the foregoing, or persons who are selected by the dealer manager in consultation with the Company. There will be no selling commissions with respect to any such sales and the dealer manager may in consultation with the Company waive or reduce the dealer manager fee. As a result, the public offering price per share of Series C Preferred Stock sold in our “friends and family” program will be decreased by an amount equal to the discount. The dealer manager in consultation with the Company will make all final determinations regarding whether an individual or entity falls within the friends and family category and whether the dealer manager fee will be waived or reduced, including the extent of any reduction.

 We are an “ emerging growth company ” and a “ smaller reporting company ” under federal securities laws and are subject to reduced public company reporting requirements. Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Before investing in our Series C Preferred Stock, you should read carefully the section entitled Risk Factors beginning on page S-10 of this prospectus supplement and the risks set forth under the caption “ Item 1A. Risk Factors ” in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as additional risks that may be described in future reports or information that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “ SEC ” ), which are incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. 

 Neither the SEC nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 

 Per Share 

 Maximum

 Offering(1) 

 Offering 

 Public offering price

 $ 
 25.00 

 $ 
 200,000,000 
 (2) 

 Selling commissions(3)(4)(5)

 $ 
 1.75 

 $ 
 14,000,000 

 Dealer manager fee(3)

 $ 
 0.75 

 $ 
 6,000,000 

 Proceeds, before