ts 

 Filed Pursuant to 424(b)(5) 
 Registration No. 333-251156 

 The information in this preliminary prospectus supplement is not
complete and may be changed. This preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities, and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is
not permitted. 
 
 SUBJECT TO
COMPLETION, DATED MARCH 2, 2022 
 PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 

 (To Prospectus dated December 4, 2020) 

 The Charles Schwab Corporation 

 Depositary Shares, Each Representing a 1/100th 

 Interest in a Share of % Fixed-Rate Reset 

 Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series K 

 We are offering depositary shares, each
representing a 1/100th ownership interest in a share of % Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series K, $0.01 par value, with a liquidation preference of $100,000
per share (equivalent to $1,000 per depositary share) (the “Series K Preferred Stock”). The depositary shares are represented by depositary receipts. As a holder of depositary shares, you will be entitled to all proportional rights and
preferences of the Series K Preferred Stock (including dividend, voting, redemption and liquidation rights). You must exercise such rights through the depositary. 

 We will pay dividends on the Series K Preferred Stock, when, as, and if declared by our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of our
board of directors. Dividends will accrue on a non-cumulative basis quarterly, in arrears, on the 1 st day of March, June, September and December of each
year, commencing on June 1, 2022. Dividends will accrue (i) from the date of original issue to, but excluding June 1, 2027 at a fixed rate per annum of %, and (ii) from, and including,
June 1, 2027, during each reset period at a rate per annum equal to the five-year treasury rate as of the most recent reset dividend determination date (as described elsewhere in this prospectus supplement) plus %.
Payment of dividends on the Series K Preferred Stock is subject to certain legal, regulatory and other restrictions as described elsewhere in this prospectus supplement. 

 Dividends on the Series K Preferred Stock will not be cumulative. If our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of our board of
directors does not declare a dividend on the Series K Preferred Stock in respect of a dividend period, then no dividend shall be deemed to have accrued for such dividend period, be payable on the applicable dividend payment date (as defined below),
or be cumulative, and we will have no obligation to pay any dividend for that dividend period to the holder of Series K Preferred Stock, including the depositary, and no related distribution will be made on the depositary shares, whether or not our
board of directors or a duly authorized committee of our board of directors declares a dividend on the Series K Preferred Stock for any future dividend period. 

 We may redeem the Series K Preferred Stock at our option: 

 • 
 
 in whole or in part, from time to time, on any dividend payment date on or after June 1, 2027 at a redemption
price equal to $100,000 per share (equivalent to $1,000 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends; or 

 • 
 
 in whole but not in part, at any time within 90 days following a regulatory capital treatment event (as defined
herein), at a redemption price equal to $100,000 per share (equivalent to $1,000 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. 

 The Series K Preferred Stock will not have any voting rights, except as set forth under “Description of Series K Preferred
Stock—Voting Rights” on page S-21. 
 The depositary shares will not be insured by the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency or instrumentality. The depositary shares will not be savings accounts, deposits or other obligations of any bank. 

 The depositary shares are a new issue of securities with no established trading market. We do not intend to apply for listing of the depositary
shares on any securities exchange or for inclusion of the depositary shares in any automated dealer quotation system. 

 Investing in
the depositary shares involves risks. See “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page S-10. 

 Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the
depositary shares or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 

 Per
Depositary Share 

 Total 

 Public offering price (1) 

 $ 

 $ 

 Underwriting discount

 $ 

 $ 

 Proceeds, before expenses

 $ 

 $ 

 (1) 
 The public offering price does not include dividends, if any, that may be declared. Dividends, if declared, will
accrue from the date of initial issuance, which is expected to be , 2022. 

 The underwriters expect to deliver the depositary shares to purchasers in book-entry form through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company
(“DTC”) and its direct participants, including Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear System (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme (“Clearstream”) on or
about , 2022. 

 Joint
Book-Running Managers 

 BofA Securities 
 
 Citigroup 
 
 Credit Suisse 
 
 J.P. Morgan 
 
 Morgan Stanley 
 
 Wells Fargo Securities 

 , 2022 

 Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 

 Page 

 About this Prospectus Supplement 

 S-iii 

 Where You Can Find More Information 

 S-iv 

 Forward-Looking Statements 

 S-v 

 Summary 

 S-1 

 The Offering 

 S-3 

 Risk Factors 

 S-10 

 Use of Proceeds 

 S-14 

 Description of Series K Preferred Stock 

 S-15 

 Description of Depositary Shares 

 S-24 

 Certain Material U.S. Fede