424B5
 1
 d792055d424b5.htm
 424B5

 424B5 

 Table of Contents 

 Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5)
Registration No. 333-269815 

 The information in this preliminary prospectus supplement and the
accompanying prospectus is not complete and may be changed. This preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus are not an offer to sell these securities and are not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction
where the offer or sale is not permitted. 
 
 SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED MARCH 4, 2024 
 PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 

 (To Prospectus Dated March 4, 2024) 

 35,000,000 Depositary Shares 

 Each Representing a 1/20th Interest in a Share of 

 % Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock 

 Albemarle Corporation 

 % Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock 

 We are offering 35,000,000
depositary shares (“Depositary Shares”), each of which represents a 1/20th interest in a share of our % Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, without par value (“Mandatory Convertible Preferred
Stock”). The shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will be deposited with Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, as bank depositary, pursuant to a deposit agreement. Holders of the Depositary Shares will be entitled to a proportional fractional
interest in the rights and preferences of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, including conversion, dividend, liquidation and voting rights, subject to the provisions of such deposit agreement. 

 Dividends on our Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will be payable on a cumulative basis when, as and if declared by our board of directors, or an
authorized committee of our board of directors, at an annual rate of % on the liquidation preference of $1,000 per share. We may pay declared dividends in cash or, subject to certain limitations, in shares of our common
stock, par value $0.01 per share, or in any combination of cash and common stock on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year, commencing on, and including, June 1, 2024 and ending on, and including,
March 1, 2027. 
 Each share of our Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference of $1,000 (and, correspondingly, each Depositary
Share represents a liquidation preference of $50). Unless earlier converted, each share of our Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will automatically convert on the second business day immediately following the last trading day of the final
averaging period (as defined below) into between and shares of our common stock, subject to anti-dilution adjustments. The number of shares of our common stock issuable on conversion will be
determined based on the average VWAP (as defined herein) of our common stock over the 20 trading day period beginning on, and including, the 21st scheduled trading day prior to March 1, 2027, which we refer to herein as the “final
averaging period.” At any time prior to March 1, 2027, a holder of 20 Depositary Shares may cause the bank depositary to convert one share of our Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, on such holder’s behalf, into a number of shares
of our common stock equal to the minimum conversion rate of , subject to anti-dilution adjustments. If a holder of 20 Depositary Shares causes the bank depositary to convert one share of our Mandatory Convertible
Preferred Stock, on such holder’s behalf, during a specified period beginning on the effective date of a fundamental change (as described herein), the conversion rate will be adjusted under certain circumstances, and such holder will also be
entitled to a make-whole dividend amount (as described herein). 
 Prior to this offering, there has been no public market for the Depositary Shares or the
Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. We intend to apply to list the Depositary Shares on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “ALB PR A.” Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”) and trades
under the symbol “ALB.” 

 Investing in the Depositary Shares involves risks. You should carefully consider all the information contained or incorporated by reference in this
prospectus supplement prior to investing in the Depositary Shares. In particular, we urge you to carefully consider the information set forth in the section titled “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page S-15 of this prospectus supplement and in “Item 1A—Risk Factors” of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed on
February 15, 2024 for a description of certain risks you should consider before investing in the Depositary Shares. 

 Per
Share 

 Total 

 Public Offering Price (1) 

 $ 
 50 

 $ 
 1,750,000,000 

 Underwriting Discount (1)(2) 

 $ 

 $ 

 Proceeds to the Company (before
expenses) (1) 

 $ 

 $ 

 (1) 
 Assumes no exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase additional Depositary Shares described below.

 (2) 
 See “Underwriting” for a description of compensation payable to the underwriters.

 We have granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to 5,250,000 additional
Depositary Shares from us at the public offering price, less the underwriting discount, solely to cover over-allotments. 
 Neither the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), any state securities commission nor any other regulatory body has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus is truthful or
complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 
 The underwriters expect to deliver the Depositary Shares to investors on or about
March , 2024. 

 Book-Running Managers 

 J.P. Morgan 
 
 BofA Securities 

 The date of this prospectus supplement is March , 2024 

 Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Prospectus Supplement 

 Page 

 ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 

 S-ii 

 SUMMARY 

 