424B5
 1
 d64005d424b5.htm
 424B5

 424B5 

 Table of Contents 

 Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) 
Registration No. 333-277794 

 PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 

 (To Prospectus dated June 17, 2024) 

 XOMA ROYALTY CORPORATION 

 $50,000,000 
 Depositary
Shares 
 Each Representing 1/1000th of a Share of 8.375% Series B Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock 

 (Liquidation Preference Equivalent to $25.00 Per Depositary Share) 

 We have entered into a sales agreement (the “Sales Agreement”) with H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC (“Wainwright” or the
“Sales Agent”) on October 3, 2025, relating to the sale of depositary shares (the “depositary shares” or “Series B Depositary Shares”), each representing a 1/1000th fractional interest in a share of 8.375% Series
B Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock (the “Series B Preferred Stock”). In accordance with the terms of the Sales Agreement, pursuant to this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, from time to time we may offer and sell
Series B Depositary Shares having an aggregate gross sales price of up to $50,000,000 through or to Wainwright, acting as sales agent or principal. As a holder of the depositary shares, you will be entitled to all proportional rights, preferences
and privileges of the Series B Preferred Stock represented thereby, including dividend, voting, redemption and liquidation rights and preferences. The proportionate liquidation preference of each depositary share is $25.00. 

 We will pay cumulative distributions on the Series B Preferred Stock underlying the depositary shares, from, and including, the date of original issuance under
the Sales Agreement, in the amount of $2.09375 per depositary share each year, which is equivalent to 8.375% of the $25.00 liquidation preference per depositary share. Dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock will be payable quarterly in arrears,
on or about the 15th day of January, April, July and October of each year (or, if not on a business day, on the next succeeding business day). 
 Sales of the
depositary shares, if any, under this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus may be made in transactions that are deemed to be “at the market offerings” as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the “Securities Act”). The Agent is not required to sell any specific number or dollar amount of the depositary shares, but the Agent will make all sales using commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales
practices on mutually agreed terms between the Agent and us. See “Plan of Distribution” for more information. 
 The depositary shares to which
this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relate will be offered and sold through or to the Agent over a period of time and from time to time. Under the Sales Agreement, the Agent will be entitled to compensation of up to 3.0% of
the gross proceeds of all depositary shares sold through or to it, as sales agent or principal. In connection with the sale of the depositary shares, the Agent will be deemed to be an “underwriter” within the meaning of the Securities
Act, and the compensation of the Agent will be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts. There is no arrangement to place proceeds of the offering in escrow, trust or similar arrangement. See “Plan of Distribution” for more
information. 
 Our depositary shares are trading on the Nasdaq Global Market (“Nasdaq”) under the symbol “XOMAO.” On October 1,
2025, the last reported sale price of our depositary shares on the Nasdaq Global Market was $25.62 per share. 

 Investing in the depositary shares and our preferred stock involves a high degree of risk. Please read the information contained in and incorporated by
reference under the heading “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page S-10 of this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, and under similar headings in the other documents that are incorporated by
reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. 
 Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities
commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus are truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 

 H.C. Wainwright & Co. 

 The date of this prospectus supplement is October 3, 2025. 

 Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Prospectus Supplement 

 Page 

 About This Prospectus Supplement 

 S-1 

 Prospectus Supplement Summary 

 S-2 

 Risk Factors 

 S-10 

 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

 S-15 

 Use of Proceeds 

 S-16 

 Description of Series B Preferred Stock and the Depositary
Shares 

 S-17 

 Book-Entry Procedures 

 S-29 

 U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 

 S-30 

 Plan of Distribution 

 S-36 

 Legal Matters 

 S-38 

 Experts 

 S-38 

 Where You Can Find More Information 

 S-39 

 Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference 

 S-40 

 Prospectus 

 ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS 

 1 

 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

 2 

 THE COMPANY 

 3 

 RISK FACTORS 

 4 

 USE OF PROCEEDS 

 5 

 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES WE MAY OFFER 

 6 

 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 

 10 

 DESCRIPTION OF DEPOSITARY SHARES 

 20 

 DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES 

 23 

 DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS 

 30 

 DESCRIPTION OF SUBSCRIPTION RIGHTS 

 32 

 DESCRIPTION OF CONTINGENT VALUE RIGHTS 

 34 

 DESC