424B5
 1
 tm2530436d1_424b5.htm
 424B5

 Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5)

Registration No. 333-274724 

 PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT

(To Prospectus dated September 29, 2023)

 2,000,000 Shares 

 Alpine Income Property Trust, Inc. 

 8.00 % Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred
Stock

(Liquidation Preference $25.00 per share) 

 We are offering 2,000,000 shares of our 8.00% Series A
Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the “Series A Preferred Stock”).

 We will pay cumulative dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock from,
and including, the date of original issue at a rate of 8.00% per annum of the $25.00 liquidation preference per share (equivalent to an
annual rate of $2.00 per share). Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock will be payable quarterly in arrears on or
about the last day of March, June, September and December of each year, beginning December 31, 2025. The Series A Preferred Stock will
rank senior to our common stock with respect to distribution rights and rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up.

 Generally, we may not redeem the Series A Preferred Stock prior to
November 12, 2030, except in limited circumstances to preserve our status as a real estate investment trust (“REIT”) for
U.S. federal income tax purposes and pursuant to the special optional redemption provision described below. On or after November 12,
2030, we may, at our option, redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, for cash at
a redemption price of $25.00 per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends on such Series A Preferred Stock up to, but excluding,
the date of redemption. In addition, upon the occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined herein), as a result of which, except for
limited circumstances described herein, neither our common stock, par value $0.01 per share (“common stock”), nor the common
securities of the acquiring or surviving entity (or American Depositary Receipts (“ADRs”) representing such securities) are
listed on the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”), the NYSE American, LLC (the “NYSE American”) or the Nasdaq
Stock Market (“Nasdaq”) or listed or quoted on a successor exchange or quotation system, we may, at our option, redeem the
Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part within 120 days after the first date on which such Change of Control occurred, by paying
$25.00 per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends up to, but excluding, the date of redemption. If we exercise any of our redemption
rights relating to the Series A Preferred Stock, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock will not have the conversion right described
below. The shares of our Series A Preferred Stock have no stated maturity and are not subject to mandatory redemption or any sinking
fund. Holders of shares of the Series A Preferred Stock will generally have no voting rights except for limited voting rights if we fail
to pay dividends for six or more quarterly periods (whether or not consecutive) and in certain other circumstances.

 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, as a result of which,
except for limited circumstances described herein, neither our common stock nor the common securities of the acquiring or surviving
entity (or ADRs representing such securities) are listed on the NYSE, the NYSE American or Nasdaq or listed or quoted on a successor
exchange or quotation system, each holder of Series A Preferred Stock will have the right (unless, prior to the Change of Control
Conversion Date (as defined herein), we have provided or provide notice of our election to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock) to
convert some or all of the Series A Preferred Stock held by such holder into a number of shares of our common stock per share of
Series A Preferred Stock to be converted equal to the lesser of:

 · the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the sum of (x) the $25.00 liquidation preference plus (y) the amount of any accrued and unpaid
dividends up to, but excluding, the Change of Control Conversion Date (unless the Change of Control Conversion Date is after a record
date for a Series A Preferred Stock dividend payment and prior to the corresponding Series A Preferred Stock dividend payment date, in
which case no additional amount for such accrued and unpaid dividends will be included in this sum) by (ii) the Common Stock Price (as
defined herein); and 

 · 3.38066 (the “Share Cap”), subject to certain adjustments; 

 subject, in each case, to provisions for the receipt of alternative
consideration as described in this prospectus supplement.

 We elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust, or REIT,
for U.S. federal income tax purposes commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2019. To assist us in complying with certain
U.S. federal income tax requirements applicable to REITs, among other purposes, our charter generally limits beneficial and constructive
ownership by any person to no more than 9.8% in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares
of any class or series of our capital stock. In addition, our charter contains various other restrictions on the ownership and transfer
of our Series A Preferred Stock. See “Description of the Series A Preferred Stock—Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer”
in this prospectus supplement.

 No market currently exists for the Series A Pre