commencing January 1, 2022, at the rate of % of the liquidation preference per annum, or $ per Series O Preferred Share per annum. 

 Liquidation Preference 

 $25.00 per share, plus an amount equal to accrued and unpaid dividends (whether or not earned or declared). 

 Maturity 

 The Series O Preferred Shares have no maturity date, and we are not required to redeem the Series O Preferred Shares. Accordingly, the Series O Preferred Shares will remain outstanding indefinitely unless we decide to redeem them. We are not required to set aside funds to redeem the Series O Preferred Shares. 

 Ranking 

 The Series O Preferred Shares rank senior to our common shares and any other junior shares that we may issue in the future, and on parity with our $3.25 Series A Convertible Preferred Shares, 7.00% Series D-10 Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, 7.20% Series D-11 Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, 6.55% Series D-12 Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, 6.75% Series D-14 Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, 6.875% Series D-15 Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, 5.70% Series K Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, 5.40% Series L Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, 5.25% Series M Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, 5.25% Series N Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares and any other parity shares that we may issue in the future, in each case with respect to payment of dividends and distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up. We intend to contribute the net proceeds from the offering to the Operating Partnership in exchange for preferred units in the Operating Partnership (with economic terms that mirror the terms of the Series O Preferred Shares). These preferred units rank, as to distributions and upon liquidation, senior to the Class A Common Units of limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership and on parity with the other preferred units in the Operating Partnership. 

 Conversion Rights 

 The Series O Preferred Shares are not convertible into or exchangeable for any property or any of our other securities. 

 Redemption at Option of 

 Vornado 

 Except in instances relating to preservation of our status as a real estate investment trust, the Series O Preferred Shares are not redeemable until September , 2026. On and after September , 2026, we may redeem the Series O Preferred Shares, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at a redemption price of $25.00 per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends through the date fixed for redemption. The Series O 

 S-2 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Preferred Shares have no maturity date and will remain outstanding indefinitely unless redeemed. 

 Voting Rights 

 You will generally have no voting rights. However, if dividends on the Series O Preferred Shares are in arrears for six quarterly dividend periods (whether or not consecutive), the holders of the Series O Preferred Shares voting together as a class with holders of all other series of parity preferred shares having like voting rights will have the right to elect two additional trustees to serve on our Board of Trustees until such dividend arrearage is eliminated. In addition, certain changes that would be material and adverse to the rights of holders of the Series O Preferred Shares cannot be made without the affirmative vote of holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding Series O Preferred Shares and all other series of parity preferred shares upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable, voting as a single class. If any such changes would be material and adverse to holders of some but not all series of parity preferred shares, a vote of at least two-thirds of the holders of only the series materially and adversely affected would be required. 

 Listing 

 We intend to file an application to list the Series O Preferred Shares on the NYSE. If this application is approved, trading of the Series O Preferred Shares on the NYSE is expected to begin within 30 days following the date of original issue of the Series O Preferred Shares. 

 Use of Proceeds 

 We will contribute the net proceeds from this offering to the Operating Partnership in exchange for preferred units of the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership will use the net proceeds from that issuance for the redemption of our 5.70% Series K Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares pursuant to the terms thereof. Any remaining net proceeds will be used for general business purposes. 

 Restrictions on Ownership 

 In order to maintain our qualification as a real estate investment trust for federal income tax purposes, ownership by any person of more than 9.9% of the outstanding preferred shares of any class is prohibited by our Declaration of Trust. 

 Settlement Date 

 Delivery of the Series O Preferred Shares will be made against payment therefor on or about September , 2021. 

 Form 

 The Series O Preferred Shares will be maintained in book-entry form registered in the name of the nominee of The Depository Trust Company, except under limited circumstances. 

 Risk Factors 

 See “Risk Factors” beginning on page S-4 of this prospectus supplement, as well as “Item 1A. Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, for a discussion of certain considerations relevant to an investment in our Series O Preferred Shares. The discussion under “Risk Factors” in this prospectus supplement updates and, to the extent inconsistent therewith, supersedes the discussion under “Item 1A. Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

 S-3 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ 

 RISK FACTORS 

 You should carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment decision. The risks described below are not the only ones that we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. Our business, f