atement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, but is not complete and may be
changed. This preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus are not an offer to sell these securities and are not
soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. 

 SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED NOVEMBER
13, 2025 

 PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 

 (To
prospectus dated April 4, 2024) 

 Shares 

 % Series B Cumulative
Redeemable Preferred Stock 

 Global Medical REIT Inc. (“we,” “us,”
“our” or the “Company”) is an internally-managed real estate investment trust (“REIT”) that acquires
healthcare facilities and leases those facilities to physician groups and regional and national healthcare systems. We are selling 
shares of our % Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, $0.001
par value per share (“Series B Preferred Stock”), in this offering. This is the original issuance of shares of our Series B
Preferred Stock, which will have a liquidation preference of $25.00 per share.

 Holders of Series B Preferred Stock will
be entitled to receive dividend payments only when, as and if declared by the board of directors of the Company (the “Board of Directors”)
or a duly authorized committee of the Board of Directors. Any such dividends will be payable in cash from the original issuance date on
a cumulative basis, quarterly in arrears on January 31, April 30, July 31 and October 31 of each year, commencing
on January 31, 2026 to holders of record as of January 15, 2026. The dividend rate of %
per annum will be applied to the liquidation preference of $25.00 per share (equivalent to $ 
per share per annum). Payment of dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock is subject to certain legal and other restrictions as
described elsewhere in this prospectus supplement.

 We may, at our option, redeem the Series B
Preferred Stock for cash in whole or in part, from time to time, at any time on or after , 2030, as described under “Description
of Series B Preferred Stock — Redemption — Redemption at Our Option,” at a cash redemption price of $25.00 per
share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends up to, but not including, the date of redemption. In addition, upon the occurrence of a Change
of Control (as defined herein), as a result of which, except for limited circumstances described herein, neither we nor the acquiring
or surviving entity has a class of common equity securities listed on the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”), the NYSE American
or the Nasdaq Stock Market (“Nasdaq”), or listed or quoted on an exchange or quotation system that is a successor to the NYSE,
NYSE American or Nasdaq, we may, at our option, redeem the Series B Preferred Stock for cash, in whole or in part, within 120 days
after the date on which such Change of Control occurred, by paying $25.00 per share, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends to, but
excluding, the date of redemption. If we have provided or provide notice of our election to redeem the Series B Preferred Stock,
the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock will not be permitted to exercise the conversion right described below. The shares of
Series B Preferred Stock do not have any maturity date and will remain outstanding indefinitely, unless and until we decide to redeem
them or they are converted in connection with a Change of Control by the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock. The shares of Series B
Preferred Stock will have no voting rights, except for limited voting rights if we fail to pay dividends for six or more quarterly periods,
as set forth herein under “Description of Series B Preferred Stock — Voting Rights.”

 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, as
a result of which, except for limited circumstances described herein, neither we nor the acquiring or surviving entity has a class of
common equity securities listed on the NYSE, the NYSE American or Nasdaq, or listed or quoted on an exchange or quotation system that
is a successor to the NYSE, NYSE American or Nasdaq, each holder of Series B Preferred Stock will have the right to convert some
or all of the Series B Preferred Stock held by such holder into our common stock, $0.001 par value per share, as described herein
under “Description of Series B Preferred Stock — Conversion Right upon a Change of Control,” unless, prior to the
Change of Control Conversion Date (as defined herein), we have provided or provide notice of our election to redeem the Series B
Preferred Stock as described herein under “Description of Series B Preferred Stock — Redemption.”

 We elected to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal
income tax purposes commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2016. To assist us in complying with certain U.S. federal
income tax requirements applicable to REITs, among other purposes, our charter generally limits beneficial and constructive ownership
by any person to no more than 9.8% in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of any class
or series of our capital stock. In addition, our charter, including the Articles Supplementary establishing the terms of the Series B
Preferred Stock, contains various other restrictions on the ownership and transfer of our Series B Preferred Stock. See “Description
of Series B Preferred Stock—Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer” in this prospectus supplement.

 No current market exists for our Series B
Preferred Stock. We intend to apply to list the Series B Preferred Stock on the NYSE under the symbol “GMRE PrB.” If
the listing application is approved, we expect trading of the Series B Preferred Stock to commence within 30 days after initial delivery
of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock. Our common stock is traded on the NYSE under the symbol “GMRE.”

 Investing in our Series B Preferred Stock
involves risks. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page S-8 of this prospectus supplement and in the reports we file with
the