424B5
 1
 d235249d424b5.htm
 424B5

 424B5 

 Table of Contents 

 Filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) 
 Registration File No. 333-270901 

 PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
 (To Prospectus dated
April 13, 2023) 

 Maximum of 7,922,159 Shares 

 5.00% Series E Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 

 (Liquidation Preference $25.00 Per Share) 

 We are offering a maximum of
7,922,159 shares of our 5.00% Series E Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the “Series E Preferred Stock”), on a “reasonable best efforts” basis through our affiliated dealer manager, Gladstone
Securities, LLC (“Gladstone Securities”), at a public offering price of $25.00 per share. This prospectus supplement supersedes and replaces the prospectus supplement dated November 9, 2022 (the “Prior Prospectus
Supplement”), pursuant to which we offered a maximum of 8,000,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock. As of the date of this prospectus supplement, 77,841 shares of Series E Preferred Stock were sold under the Prior Prospectus Supplement. 

 Pursuant to that certain Dealer Manager Agreement, dated November 9, 2022 (the “Dealer Manager Agreement”), the offering of the Series E
Preferred Stock will terminate on the date (the “Termination Date”) that is the earlier of (1) December 31, 2025 (unless earlier terminated or extended by our Board of Directors) and (2) the date on which all shares of
Series E Preferred Stock offered in the offering are sold. 
 We intend to pay monthly cash dividends on the Series E Preferred Stock at an annual rate of
5.00% of the $25.00 liquidation preference, or $1.25 per share per year. Subject to certain limitations, holders of the Series E Preferred Stock will have the option to tender their shares of Series E Preferred Stock for redemption for cash
commencing on the date of original issuance (or, if after the date of original issuance our Board of Directors suspends the redemption program of the holders of the Series E Preferred Stock, on the date our Board of Directors reinstates such
program) following the tenth calendar day of such holder’s request that we redeem shares of the Series E Preferred Stock, or if such tenth calendar day is not a business day, on the next succeeding business day, and terminating on the earlier
of the date upon which our Board of Directors, by resolution, suspends or terminates the optional redemption right of the holders of Series E Preferred Stock or the date on which the Series E Preferred Stock is listed on Nasdaq or another national
securities exchange. The redemption price per share of Series E Preferred Stock will be equal to $22.50 in cash with no annual limit; provided, that our obligation to redeem shares at the option of a holder of Series E Preferred Stock is limited to
the extent that our Board of Directors determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that we do not have sufficient funds available to fund any such redemption or we are restricted by applicable law from making such redemption. Our obligation to
redeem shares at the option of a holder of Series E Preferred Stock is further limited to the extent our Board of Directors suspends or terminates the optional redemption right after delivery of a holder’s request that we redeem shares but
prior to the corresponding redemption date. Our Board of Directors may suspend or terminate the optional redemption right of holders of Series E Preferred Stock at any time, for any reason or no reason, in its sole and absolute discretion. 

 Except in limited circumstances to preserve our status as a real estate investment trust (“REIT”), we, at our option, may not redeem shares of
the Series E Preferred Stock prior to the earlier of (1) the one year anniversary of the Termination Date and (2) January 1, 2026. After such date, we may, at our sole option, redeem the shares for cash at a redemption price of $25.00 per
share, plus an amount equal to any accumulated and unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the date of redemption. 
 The Series E Preferred Stock will rank
 pari passu with our 6.00% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share (the “Series B Preferred Stock”), our 6.00% Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share (the
“Series C Preferred Stock”), and our 5.00% Series D Cumulative Term Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the “Series D Preferred Stock”), and senior to our common stock with respect to payment of dividends and
distribution of amounts on liquidation, dissolution and winding up. Holders of the Series E Preferred Stock generally will have no voting rights. 
 There is
currently no public market for shares of the Series E Preferred Stock. We intend to apply to list the Series E Preferred Stock on Nasdaq or another national securities exchange within one calendar year of the Termination Date; however, there can be
no assurance that a listing will be achieved in such timeframe, or at all. We do not expect a public market to develop before the shares are listed on Nasdaq or another national securities exchange, if at all. 

 We believe that we qualify, and have elected to be taxed as, a REIT for federal income tax purposes. To assist us in complying with certain federal income tax
requirements applicable to REITs, among other purposes, our charter contains certain restrictions relating to the ownership and transfer of our capital stock, including 