424B5
 1
 nref20220311_424b5.htm
 FORM 424B5

 nref20220311_424b5.htm 

 Table of Contents 

 Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) 

 Registration No. 333-263300 

 PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 

 (To Prospectus dated March 14, 2022)

 $100,000,000 

 NexPoint Real Estate Finance, Inc. 

 Common Stock 

 and/or 

 8.50% Series A Cumulative Redeemable 

 Preferred Stock 

 Liquidation Preference $25.00 Per Share 

 This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relate to the issuance and sale, from time to time, of our common stock, par value $0.01 per share and our 8.50% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, or our Series A Preferred Stock, pursuant to an “at the market” equity offering program having an aggregate sales price of up to $100,000,000 through our sales agents, Raymond James & Associates, Inc., or Raymond James, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc., or Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, or Baird, and Virtu Americas LLC, or Virtu, each a sales agent and, collectively, the sales agents. These sales will be made pursuant to the terms of separate equity distribution agreements, dated March 15, 2022, among us, NexPoint Real Estate Finance Operating Partnership, L.P., or the OP, NexPoint Real Estate Advisors VII, L.P., or the Manager, and each sales agent.

 Shares of our common stock and shares of our Series A Preferred Stock are listed on the New York Stock Exchange, or the NYSE, under the symbol “NREF” and “NREF-PRA,” respectively. On March 14, 2022, the last reported sale price of our common stock and Series A Preferred Stock on the NYSE was $21.27 per share and $25.40 per share, respectively.

 Sales of shares of our common stock or our Series A Preferred Stock, if any, under this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus may be made in transactions that are deemed to be “at the market” offerings, as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, including, without limitation, sales made by means of ordinary brokers’ transactions on the NYSE, to or through a market maker at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to prevailing market prices or at negotiated prices based on prevailing market prices. The sales agents are not required, individually or collectively, to sell any specific number of shares or dollar amount of our common stock or our Series A Preferred Stock, but each sales agent will use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices to sell shares of our common stock and Series A Preferred Stock on terms mutually agreeable to the sales agent and us. We also may sell shares of our common stock or Series A Preferred Stock to a sales agent as principal for its own account at a price agreed upon at the time of sale. If we sell shares of our common stock or our Series A Preferred Stock to a sales agent as principal, we will enter into a separate agreement setting forth the terms of such transaction, and we will describe any such agreement in a separate prospectus supplement or pricing supplement. See “Plan of Distribution” included in this prospectus supplement.

 Each sales agent will be entitled to compensation that will not exceed, but may be lower than, 1.5% of the gross sales price per share for any shares of our common stock and our Series A Preferred Stock sold through it as sales agent from time to time under the equity distribution agreement. Each of the sales agents may be deemed an “underwriter” within the meaning of the Securities Act, and the compensation paid to the sales agents may be deemed to be underwriting discounts or commissions.

 Table of Contents 

 We are organized and conduct our operations to qualify as a real estate investment trust, or REIT, for federal income tax purposes. To assist us in qualifying as a REIT, among other purposes, our charter generally limits any person from beneficially or constructively owning more than 6.2% in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of our common stock or 6.2% in value of the outstanding shares of all classes or series of our stock, including the Series A Preferred Stock. See “Description of Capital Stock-Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer” beginning on page 9 of the accompanying prospectus.

 We are an “ emerging growth company ” and a “ smaller reporting company ” under federal securities laws and are subject to reduced public company reporting requirements. Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should read carefully the section entitled Risk Factors beginning on page S-7 of this prospectus supplement and the risks set forth under the caption “ Item 1A. Risk Factors ” in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as additional risks that may be described in future reports or information that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, which are incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. 

 Neither the SEC nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 

 Raymond James 

 Keefe, Bruyette & Woods 

 A Stifel Company 

 Baird 

 Virtu 

 The date of this prospectus supplement is March 15, 2022.

 Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Prospectus Supplement 

 ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT AND THE PROSPECTUS 

 S-ii

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

 S-iii

 PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT SUMMARY 

 S-1

 THE OFFERING 

 S-2

 RISK FACTORS 

 S-7

 USE OF PROCEEDS 

 S-10

