424B5
 1
 d878118d424b5.htm
 424B5

 424B5 

 Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5)
 Registration No. 333-269263 

 Prospectus Supplement to Prospectus dated January 17, 2023
 
 4,000,000 Depositary Shares 

 Depositary Shares Each Representing a 1/40th Interest in a Share of 8.375% Fixed Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A 

 We are offering 4,000,000 depositary shares, each representing a 1/40th ownership interest in a share of our 8.375% Fixed Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A, no par value (the “Series A preferred stock”), with a liquidation preference of $25 per depositary share (equivalent to $1,000 per share
of Series A preferred stock). As a holder of depositary shares, you will be entitled to all proportional rights and preferences of the Series A preferred stock represented thereby (including dividend, voting, redemption, and liquidation
rights). You must exercise any such rights through the depositary. 
 We will pay dividends on the Series A preferred stock, when, as,
and if declared by our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of our board of directors, to the extent that we have lawfully available funds to pay dividends. If declared, dividends will accrue and be payable from the date of issuance at
a rate of 8.375% per annum, payable quarterly in arrears on March 15, June 15, September 15, and December 15 of each year, beginning on September 15, 2025. Upon payment of any dividends on the Series A preferred stock,
holders of depositary shares are expected to receive such dividends in proportion to their investment in the depositary shares representing such Series A preferred stock. 

 Dividends on the Series A preferred stock will not be cumulative. If for any reason our board of directors or a duly authorized committee
of our board of directors does not declare a dividend on the Series A preferred stock for any dividend period, that dividend will not accrue or be payable and we will have no obligation to pay dividends for that dividend period, whether or not
dividends on the Series A preferred stock are declared for any future dividend period. 
 We may redeem the Series A preferred stock
at our option, and subject to any required regulatory approval, (i) in whole or in part, from time to time, on any dividend payment date on or after September 15, 2030 at a redemption price equal to $1,000 per share (equivalent to
$25 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the redemption date, or (ii) in whole but not in part, at any time within 90 days following a regulatory capital treatment event (as defined herein), at a
redemption price equal to $1,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the redemption date. If we redeem the Series A preferred stock, the depositary is expected to redeem
a proportionate number of depositary shares. 
 Shares of the Series A preferred stock will rank, with respect to the payment of
dividends and distributions upon our liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up, (i) senior to our common stock and to any class or series of our capital stock we may issue that is not expressly stated to be
on parity with or senior to the Series A preferred stock, (ii) on parity with, or equally to, with any class or series of our capital stock expressly stated to be on parity with the Series A preferred stock, including the
Series A preferred stock; and (iii) junior to any class or series of our capital stock expressly stated to be senior to the Series A preferred stock (issued with the requisite consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding Series A preferred stock). 
 Currently no market exists for the
depositary shares. We intend to file an application to list the depositary shares on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) under the symbol “LOB PR A.” If the application is approved, trading of the depositary shares on NYSE is
expected to begin within 30 days after the date of initial issuance of the depositary shares. Our voting common stock is listed on the NYSE and trades under the ticker symbol “LOB.” 

 The Series A preferred stock will not have any voting rights, except as set forth under “Description of Series A Preferred
Stock—Voting Rights” beginning on page S-25. 

 Investing in the depositary shares involves risks. See “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page S-12 of this
prospectus supplement and those risk factors in the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus concerning factors you should consider before investing in our securities. 

 The depositary shares are not savings accounts, deposits, or obligations of any of our bank and
 non-bank subsidiaries and are not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the “FDIC”) or any other governmental agency. The depositary shares are ineligible as collateral
for a loan or extension of credit from Live Oak Bancshares, Inc. or any of its subsidiaries. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the FDIC, the North Carolina Office of the
Commissioner of Banks, nor any state securities commission or any other bank regulatory agency has approved or disapproved the securities to be issued under this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus or determined the adequacy or
accuracy of this 