f $25 per depositary share (equivalent to $1,000 per
share of Series A Preferred Stock). As a holder of depositary shares, you will be entitled to all proportional rights and preferences of the Series A Preferred Stock represented thereby (including dividend, voting, redemption and liquidation
rights). You must exercise any such rights through the depositary. 
 We will pay dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock, when, as, and if
declared by our Board of Directors (or a duly authorized committee thereof), to the extent that we have lawfully available funds to pay dividends, quarterly in arrears on March 15, June 15, September 15, and December 15 of each
year, beginning on March 15, 2026 based on the liquidation preference of the Series A Preferred Stock at a fixed rate per annum equal to %. Upon payment of any dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock, holders of depositary shares are
expected to receive a proportionate payment. 
 Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock will not be cumulative. If for any reason our Board
of Directors (or a duly authorized committee thereof) does not declare a dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock for any dividend period, that dividend will not accrue or be payable and we will have no obligation to pay dividends for that dividend
period, whether or not dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are declared for any future dividend period. Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock will not be declared, paid or set aside for payment to the extent such act would cause us to fail
to comply with applicable laws and regulations. If we ever become subject to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the “Federal Reserve”) or otherwise become subject to regulatory capital requirements under
federal banking laws (a “Regulated Institution”), the limitation in the prior sentence will include the capital adequacy regulations and guidelines established by the applicable federal banking agency. 

 We may redeem the Series A Preferred Stock at our option, subject to any regulatory approval requirements as are in effect at such time,
(1) in whole or in part, from time to time, on any dividend payment date on or after , 2030 at a redemption price equal to $1,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid
dividends, or (2) in whole but not in part, at any time within 90 days following a regulatory capital treatment event (as defined herein), at a redemption price equal to $1,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per depositary share), plus any
declared and unpaid dividends. If Bread Financial ever becomes a Regulated Institution, any redemption of the Series A Preferred Stock will be subject to our receipt of any prior approval required by the applicable federal banking agency and to the
satisfaction of any conditions set forth in applicable regulations and guidelines of such federal banking agency applicable to the redemption of the Series A Preferred Stock, including capital regulations and guidelines. See “Description of
the Series A Preferred Stock—Redemption—Optional Redemption” beginning on page S-25 for additional information. If we redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, the depositary is expected to redeem
a proportionate number of depositary shares. 
 We will apply to list the depositary shares on the New York Stock Exchange (the
“NYSE”) under the symbol “BFH PrA.” Trading of the depositary shares is expected to commence within the 30-day period following the original issue date of the depositary shares. Our
common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol “BFH.” 
 The Series A Preferred Stock will not have any voting rights, except
the limited ones set forth under “Description of the Series A Preferred Stock—Voting Rights” beginning on page S-25. 

 Investing in the depositary shares involves risks. See “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page S-11. 
 Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) nor any other
regulatory body has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 

 Neither the depositary shares nor the Series A Preferred Stock are a savings account, deposit or other obligation of a bank and neither are
insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the “FDIC”) or any other governmental agency or instrumentality. 

 Public Offering Price 

 Underwriting
Discount(2) 

 Proceeds to Bread
Financial (Before
Expenses) 

 Per depositary share

 $ 

 $ 

 $ 

 Total(1)

 $ 

 $ 

 $ 

 (1) 
 Assumes no exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase additional depositary shares as described
below. 

 (2) 
 The underwriting discount is calculated using a weighted average amount of $ per depositary
share for retail orders ( depositary shares) and $ per depositary share for institutional orders ( depositary shares). See “Underwriting” for additional disclosure regarding the
underwriting discount and estimated offering expenses payable by us. 
 
 We have granted the underwriters an option to
purchase up to an additional depositary shares, at the public offering price less the underwriting discount, for 30 days after the date of this prospectus supplement solely to cover overallotments, if any. 

 We expect to deliver the depositary shares against payment for the depositary shares on or about the date specified in the immediately prior
paragraph, which will be the business day following the date of the pricing of the depositary shares (“T+ ”). Under Rule 15c6-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the “Exchange Act”), trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in one business day, unless the parties to a trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade depositary shares on any date
prior to one business day before the settlement date will be required,