424B5
 1
 d50836d424b5.htm
 424B5

 424B5 

 Table of Contents 

 Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) 
 Registration No. 333-286487

 The information in this preliminary prospectus supplement is not complete and may be changed. This preliminary prospectus supplement and
the accompanying base prospectus do not constitute an offer to sell these securities and we are not soliciting offers to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted.

 SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED MAY 29, 2025 

 PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
 (To Prospectus Dated
April 11, 2025) 

 UMB Financial Corporation 

 Depositary Shares Each Representing a 1/400th Interest in a Share of 

 % Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B 

 We are offering depositary shares (the “depositary shares”) each representing a 1/400th ownership
interest in a share of our % Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B, par value $0.01 per share (“Preferred Stock”), with a liquidation preference of $10,000 per
share of Preferred Stock (equivalent to $25 per depositary share). As a holder of depositary shares, you will be entitled to all proportional rights and preferences of the Preferred Stock (including dividend, voting, redemption and liquidation
rights). You must exercise these rights through the depositary. 
 We will pay dividends on the Preferred Stock, when, as, and if declared by
our Board of Directors (the “Board”) (or a duly authorized committee thereof). Dividends will accrue on the stated amount of $10,000 per share of Preferred Stock at a fixed rate per annum equal to (i) % from the original issue
date of the Preferred Stock to, but excluding, , 20 ; and (ii) the five-year treasury rate as of the most recent reset dividend determination date (as defined herein) plus % for each reset period from,
and including, , 20 . Non-cumulative dividends will be payable in arrears, if declared, on , ,
 and of each year, beginning on , 20 . Upon payment of any dividends on the Preferred Stock, holders of depositary shares are expected to receive a
proportionate payment. Dividends on the Preferred Stock will not be cumulative and will not be mandatory. 
 We may redeem the Preferred Stock
at our option, subject to regulatory approval (if then required), at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share of Preferred Stock (equivalent of $25 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends (without regard to any undeclared
dividends) to but excluding the redemption date, (1) in whole or in part, from time to time, on any dividend payment date (as defined herein) on or after , 20 or (2) in whole but not in part, at any time
following a regulatory capital treatment event (as defined herein). If we redeem the Preferred Stock, the depositary is expected to redeem a proportionate number of depositary shares. 

 The Preferred Stock will not have any voting rights except as described elsewhere in the prospectus supplement. 

 Application will be made to list the depositary shares on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (the “NASDAQ”) under the
symbol “ .” If approved for listing, trading of the depositary shares is expected to commence within a 30-day period after the original issuance date of the depositary
shares. 
 The depositary shares and the Preferred Stock are unsecured securities of UMB Financial Corporation. Neither the depositary shares
nor the Preferred Stock is a savings account, deposit or other obligation of, or guaranteed by, any of our bank or non-bank subsidiaries and neither is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the
“FDIC”) or any other governmental agency or instrumentality. 

 Investing in the depositary shares involves risks. See the section titled “ Risk Factors ” beginning
on page S-11 of this prospectus supplement and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 to read about factors you should consider
before buying the depositary shares representing an interest in the Preferred Stock. 
 Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the “SEC”), any state securities commission, the FDIC, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the “Federal Reserve”) nor any other regulatory body has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the
adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus supplement. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 

 Per Depositary
Share 

 Total 

 Public offering price

 $ 

 $ 

 Underwriting discounts (1) 

 $ 

 $ 

 Proceeds to UMB Financial Corporation, before expenses

 $ 

 $ 

 (1) 
 Reflects depositary shares sold to institutional investors, for which the underwriters
received an underwriting discount of $ per depositary share, and depositary shares sold to retail investors, for which the underwriters received an underwriting discount of $ per depositary
share. 
 
 We have granted the underwriters the option to purchase up to an additional depositary
shares from us at the public offering price less the underwriting discounts within 30 days from the date of this prospectus supplement. 
 The
underwriters expect to deliver the depositary shares in book-entry form only, through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company for the accounts of its participants, including Clearstream Banking, S.A, and Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., as operator
of the Euroclear System, against payment on or about , 2025. 

 Joint Bookrunners 

 RBC Capital Markets 
 
 J.P. Morgan 

 Co-Managers 

 Piper Sandler 
 
 Wells Fargo Securities 

 Prospectus Supplement dated , 2025 

 Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 P AGE 

 Prospectus Supplement 

 ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 

 S-1 

 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

 S-2 

 SUMMARY 

 S-4 

 RISK FACTORS 

 S-11 

 USE OF PROCEEDS 

 S-16 

 CAPITALIZATION 

 S-17 

 CAPI