424B5
 1
 d864211d424b5.htm
 424B5

 424B5 

 Table of Contents 

 Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) 
Registration No. 333-278527 

 The information in this preliminary prospectus supplement is not
complete and may be changed. This preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus are not an offer to sell these securities nor do they seek an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not
permitted. 
 
 SUBJECT TO COMPLETION
 
 PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT DATED JULY 29, 2024 

 PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
 (To Prospectus dated
April 5, 2024) 

 VALLEY NATIONAL BANCORP 

 Shares of % Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series C 

 We are offering to sell shares of % Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual
Preferred Stock, Series C, no par value per share, with a liquidation preference of $25 per share (the “Series C Preferred Shares”). 
 Dividends
on the Series C Preferred Shares will be payable in arrears when, as and if declared by our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of the board of directors, (i) from the date of issuance to, but excluding
September , 2029 (the “First Reset Date”), at a rate per annum equal to %, payable quarterly in arrears, on March , June ,
September , and December of each year, beginning on September , 2024 and (ii) from and including the First Reset Date, for each reset period, at a rate equal to
the five-year U.S. Treasury Rate as of the most recent reset dividend determination date (as described elsewhere in this prospectus supplement), plus % per annum, payable quarterly, in arrears, on
March , June , September , and December of each year, beginning on September , 2029, except in each case where such day is not a
business day as described under “Description of Series C Preferred Shares—Dividends” on page S-17. 

 Dividends on the Series C Preferred Shares will be non-cumulative. If for any reason our board of directors or a duly
authorized committee of the board of directors does not declare a dividend on the Series C Preferred Shares for any dividend period, such dividend will not accrue or be payable, and we will have no obligation to pay dividends for such dividend
period, whether or not dividends on the Series C Preferred Shares are declared for any future dividend period. Dividends on the Series C Preferred Shares will not be declared, paid or set aside for payment to the extent such act would cause us to
fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including applicable capital adequacy guidelines. 
 The Series C Preferred Shares may be redeemed in
whole or in part, from time to time, on any dividend payment date on or after the First Reset Date, or in whole, but not in part, at any time within 90 days following a “regulatory capital treatment event” (as defined herein), in each case
at a redemption price of $25 per share plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends, to but excluding the redemption date. The Series C Preferred Shares will not have the right to require redemption or
repurchase of the Series C Preferred Shares and will not have any voting rights, except as set forth under “Description of Series C Preferred Shares—Voting Rights” on page S-22. 

 Valley National Bancorp intends to list the Series C Preferred Shares on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (“NASDAQ”) under the symbol
“VLYPN”. If the application is approved, we expect trading of the Series C Preferred Shares to begin within the 30-day period after the initial delivery of the Series C Preferred Shares. 

 Per Share 

 Total 

 Public offering price (1) 

 $ 

 $ 

 Underwriting discounts and
commissions (2) 

 $ 

 $ 

 Proceeds, before expenses, to us (3) 

 $ 

 $ 

 (1) 
 The price to the public does not include dividends, if any, that may be declared. Dividends, if declared, will
accrue from the date of initial issuance, which is expected to be August , 2024. 

 Table of Contents 

 (2) 
 Underwriting discounts and commissions are calculated using a weighted average amount of
$ per Series C Preferred Share for retail orders and $ per Series C Preferred Share for institutional orders. See “Underwriting” for additional information regarding the compensation payable
to the underwriters. 

 (3) 
 Assumes no exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares described below.

 We have granted the underwriters an option, exercisable within a 30-day period beginning on, and
including, the date of this prospectus supplement, to purchase up to additional Series C Preferred Shares for the purpose of covering over-allotments, if any. 

 Investing in the Series C Preferred Shares involves certain risks. See “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page S-8 of this prospectus supplement and on page 4 of the accompanying prospectus, as well as the risk factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2023, as they may be supplemented from time to time in subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 None
of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the “FDIC”), the Federal Reserve Board, any state securities commission or any other regulatory body has approved or disapproved of these securities or
passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense . 

 The Series C Preferred Shares are not savings accounts, deposits or other obligations of any of our bank or
 non-bank subsidiaries and are not insured or guaranteed by the FDIC or any other governmental agency. 
 The
underwriters expect to deliver the Series C Preferred Shares in book-entry only form through the facilities of The Depository Trust Compan