424B5
 1
 form424b5.htm

 The
information in this preliminary prospectus is not complete and may be changed. This preliminary prospectus is not an offer to sell these
securities and we are not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. 

 SUBJECT
TO COMPLETION, DATED JANUARY 27, 2022 

 Registration
No. 333-255094 

 PROSPECTUS
SUPPLEMENT 

 (To
the Prospectus dated April 12, 2021) 

 CareCloud,
Inc. 

 (formerly
MTBC, Inc.) 

 Shares
of % Series B Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock 

 $ per
Share 

 Liquidation
Preference $25.00 per Share 

 We
are offering shares of our % Series B Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, which we
refer to as the Series B Preferred Stock. 

 Dividends
on the Series B Preferred Stock offered hereby are cumulative from the date they are issued, and will be payable on the fifteenth day
of each calendar month, when, as and if declared by our board of directors. Dividends will be payable out of amounts legally available
therefor at a rate equal to % per annum per $25.00 of stated liquidation preference per share, or approximately per share of Series B
Preferred Stock per year. 

 Commencing
on February 15, 2024 and prior to February 15, 2025, we may redeem, at our option, the Series B Preferred Stock, in whole or in part,
at a cash redemption price of $25.75 per share, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends to, but not including, the redemption date. On
or after February 15, 2025 and prior to February 15, 2026, we may redeem, at our option, the Series B Preferred Stock, in whole or in
part, at a cash redemption price of $25.50 per share, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends to, but not including, the redemption date.
On or after February 15, 2026 and prior to February 15, 2027, we may redeem, at our option, the Series B Preferred Stock, in whole or
in part, at a cash redemption price of $25.25 per share, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends to, but not including, the redemption
date. On or after February 15, 2027, we may redeem, at our option, the Series B Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, at a cash redemption
price of $25.00 per share, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends to, but not including, the redemption date. The Series B Preferred Stock
has no stated maturity, will not be subject to any sinking fund or other mandatory redemption, and will not be convertible into any of
our other securities. 

 Holders
of the Series B Preferred Stock generally will have no voting rights except for limited voting rights if dividends payable on the outstanding
Series B Preferred Stock are in arrears for eighteen or more consecutive or non-consecutive monthly dividend periods. 

 We
have applied to list the Series B Preferred Stock on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol “MTBCO.” If the application
is approved, we expect trading on Nasdaq will commence within 30 days after the initial delivery of shares to the underwriter. 

 B.
Riley Securities, Inc. is acting as representative of the underwriters in the public offering on a firm commitment basis. If we sell
all shares of Series B Preferred Stock we are offering pursuant to this prospectus supplement, at the offering price of $ per share,
we will receive approximately $ in gross proceeds and approximately $ in net proceeds, after deducting the underwriting discount and
estimated offering expenses payable by us. 

 We
have granted the underwriters the option for a period of up to 30 days from the date of the underwriting agreement to purchase up to
an additional shares of Series B Preferred Stock at the public offering price less the
underwriting discount. 

 Investing
in shares of our Series B Preferred Stock involves significant risks. You should carefully consider the risk factors beginning on page
S-9 of this prospectus supplement before purchasing any of the shares offered by this prospectus. 

 NEITHER
THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED OF THESE SECURITIES OR PASSED
UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THIS PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. 

 Total 

 Per Share 
 No Exercise 
 Full Exercise 

 Public offering price 

 Underwriting discount 

 Proceeds, before expenses, to CareCloud 
 $ 

 See
“Underwriting” for a description of the compensation payable to the underwriters, including reimbursable expenses. 

 The
underwriters expect to deliver the shares against payment in New York, New York on 
2022. 

 Book-Running
Managers 

 B.
 Riley Securities 
 
 Ladenburg Thalmann 

 EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments,
 LLC 

 Co-Managers 

 Aegis Capital Corp 
 Benchmark Company 
 Boenning & Scattergood 

 Chapin Davis Investments 
 Colliers Securities LLC 
 Maxim Group LLC 

 Prospectus
Supplement dated January 27, 2022. 

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

 Prospectus
Supplement 

 Page 

 About This Prospectus Supplement 
 S-ii 

 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 S-iii 

 Prospectus Supplement Summary 
 S-1 

 The Offering 
 S-4 

 Risk Factors 
 S-9 

 Use of Proceeds 
 S-14 

 Capitalization 
 S-15 

 Description of the Series B Preferred Stock 
 S-16 

 Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 
 S-24 

 Underwriting 
 S-30 

 Legal Matters 
 S-32 

 Experts 
 S-32 

 Where You Can Find More Information 
 S-32 

 Incorporation of Information by Reference 
 S-34 

 Disclosure of Commission Position on Indemnification for Securities Act Liabilities 
 S-34 

 Prospectus 

 About This Prospectus 
 1 

 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 2 

 Where You Can Find More Information 
 3 

 Incorporation of Ce