424B5
 1
 d650452d424b5.htm
 424B5

 424B5 

 Table of Contents 

 Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5)
 Registration No. 333-265877 

 The information contained in this preliminary prospectus
supplement and the accompanying prospectus is not complete and may be changed. This preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus are not an offer to sell these securities, and are not soliciting an offer to buy these securities,
in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. 

 SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED JULY 17, 2024 

 PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
 (To Prospectus Dated
June 28, 2022) 

 State Street Corporation 

 Depositary Shares Each Representing a 1/100th Ownership Interest 

 in a Share of % Fixed Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series J

 State Street Corporation is offering depositary shares, each representing a 1/100th ownership interest in a share of our Fixed Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series J, without par value per share, with a liquidation preference of $100,000 per share (equivalent to $1,000 per depositary share) (the “Series J Preferred
Stock”). As a holder of depositary shares, you will be entitled to all proportional rights, preferences and other provisions of the Series J Preferred Stock (including those related to dividends, voting, redemption and liquidation). You must
exercise such rights through the depositary. 
 Dividends on the Series J Preferred Stock, when, as and if declared by our board of directors or any duly
authorized committee of our board of directors, will be payable on the liquidation preference amount, on a non-cumulative basis, quarterly in arrears on the 15th day of March, June, September and December of
each year, commencing on December 15, 2024. Dividends will accrue when, as and if declared, (i) from the date of issuance to, but excluding, September 15, 2029 at a fixed rate of % per annum and (ii) from and
including September 15, 2029, for each reset period (as described in this prospectus supplement), at a rate per annum equal to the five-year treasury rate (as described in this prospectus supplement) as of the most recent reset dividend
determination date (as described in this prospectus supplement) plus a spread of %. 
 Dividends on the Series J Preferred Stock will not be
cumulative. If for any reason our board of directors or any duly authorized committee of our board of directors does not declare a dividend on the Series J Preferred Stock for any dividend period, such dividend will not accrue or be payable, and we
will have no obligation to pay dividends for such dividend period, whether or not dividends on the Series J Preferred Stock are declared for any future dividend period. Dividends on the Series J Preferred Stock will not be declared, paid or set
aside for payment to the extent such act would cause us to fail to comply with applicable laws or regulations, including applicable capital adequacy regulations and guidelines. 

 The Series J Preferred Stock has no stated maturity, is not subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund or other similar provisions and will remain
outstanding unless redeemed at our option. We may redeem the Series J Preferred Stock at our option, subject to regulatory approval, (1) in whole or in part, on any dividend payment date on or after September 15, 2029 at a redemption price
equal to $100,000 per share (equivalent to $1,000 per depositary share) plus any declared and unpaid dividends, or (2) in whole but not in part, at any time within 90 days following a regulatory capital treatment event (as defined herein), at a
redemption price equal to $100,000 per share (equivalent to $1,000 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. 
 The Series J Preferred
Stock will not have any voting rights, except as set forth under “Description of Series J Preferred Stock—Voting Rights” beginning on page S-27 of this prospectus supplement. We do not intend to
list the depositary shares on any national securities exchange or quotation system. 
 The depositary shares are equity securities and not bank deposits, and
are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) or any other governmental agency, nor are they obligations of, or guaranteed by, a bank. 

 Investing in the depositary shares involves risks. See “ Risk Factors ” beginning on
 page S- 16 . 
 None of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
“SEC”), any state securities commission, the FDIC or any other regulatory body has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus is truthful or complete. Any
representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 

 Price to Public 

 Underwriting Discounts and
Commissions 

 Proceeds to Us (Before
Expenses) 

 Per depositary share

 $ 

 $ 

 $ 

 Total

 $ 

 $ 

 $ 

 The underwriters are offering the depositary shares as set forth under “Underwriting.” Delivery of the depositary
shares in book-entry form through The Depository Trust Company for the accounts of its participants, including Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear System (“Euroclear”), and Clearstream Banking, société
anonyme (“Clearstream”), is expected to be made on or about , 2024. 
 Joint Book-Running Managers

 Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
 
 UBS Investment Bank 

 The date of this prospectus supplement is , 2024. 

 Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Prospectus Supplement 

 Page 

 ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 

 S-1 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

 S-2 

 SUMMARY 

 S-6 

 RISK FACTORS 

 S-16 

 USE OF PROCEEDS 

 S-26 

 DESCRIPTION OF SERIES J PREFERRED STOCK 

 S-27 

 DESCRIPTION OF DEPOSITARY SHARES 

 S-37 

 BOOK-ENTRY ISSUANCE 

 S-39 

 MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS 

 S-42 

 UNDERWRITING 

 S-47 

 EXPERTS 

 S-53 

 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE IN